(William Shakespeare) To be, or not to be, that is the question: Whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer The slings and arrows of outrageous fortune, Or to take arms against a sea of troubles
(William Shakespeare) He was a king bless'd of the King of kings. Unto the French the dreadful judgement-day So dreadful will not be as was his sight. The battles of the Lord of hosts he fought: The church's prayers made him so prosperous.
(William Shakespeare) The church! where is it? Had not churchmen pray'd, His thread of life had not so soon decay'd: None do you like but an effeminate prince, Whom, like a school-boy, you may over-awe.
(William Shakespeare) Name not religion, for thou lovest the flesh, And ne'er throughout the year to church thou go'st Except it be to pray against thy foes.
(William Shakespeare) My honourable lords, health to you all! Sad tidings bring I to you out of France, Of loss, of slaughter and discomfiture: Guienne, Champagne, Rheims, Orleans, Paris, Guysors, Poictiers, are all quite lost.
(William Shakespeare) Is Paris lost? is Rouen yielded up? If Henry were recall'd to life again, These news would cause him once more yield the ghost.
(William Shakespeare) Were our tears wanting to this funeral, These tidings would call forth their flowing tides.
(William Shakespeare) Me they concern; Regent I am of France. Give me my steeled coat. I'll fight for France. Away with these disgraceful wailing robes! Wounds will I lend the French instead of eyes, To weep their intermissive miseries.
(William Shakespeare) The Dauphin crowned king! all fly to him! O, whither shall we fly from this reproach?
(William Shakespeare) Gloucester, why doubt'st thou of my forwardness? An army have I muster'd in my thoughts, Wherewith already France is overrun.
(William Shakespeare) My gracious lords, to add to your laments, Wherewith you now bedew King Henry's hearse, I must inform you of a dismal fight Betwixt the stout Lord Talbot and the French.
(William Shakespeare) Our worser thoughts heavens mend! Alexas- come, his fortune, his fortune! O, let him marry a woman that cannot go, sweet Isis, I beseech thee! And let her die too, and give him a worse! And let worse follow worse, till the worst of all follow him laughing to his grave, fiftyfold a cuckold! Good Isis, hear me this prayer, though thou deny me a matter of more weight; good Isis, I beseech thee! IRAS Amen. Dear goddess, hear that prayer of the people! For, as it is a heartbreaking to see a handsome man loose-wiv’d, so it is a deadly sorrow to behold a foul knave uncuckolded. Therefore, dear Isis, keep decorum, and fortune him accordingly!
(William Shakespeare) Under a compelling occasion, let women die. It were pity to cast them away for nothing, though between them and a great cause they should be esteemed nothing. Cleopatra, catching but the least noise of this, dies instantly; I have seen her die twenty times upon far poorer moment. I do think there is mettle in death, which commits some loving act upon her, she hath such a celerity in dying.
(William Shakespeare) Cut my lace, Charmian, come! But let it be; I am quickly ill and wellSo Antony loves.
(William Shakespeare) O, had the gods done so, I had not now Worthily term'd them merciless to us! For, ere the ships could meet by twice five leagues, We were encounterd by a mighty rock; Which being violently borne upon, Our helpful ship was splitted in the midst;
(William Shakespeare) Five summers have I spent in furthest Greece, Roaming clean through the bounds of Asia, And, coasting homeward, came to Ephesus; Hopeless to find, yet loath to leave unsought Or that or any place that harbours men. But here must end the story of my life; And happy were I in my timely death, Could all my travels warrant me they live.
(William Shakespeare) This touches me in reputation. Either consent to pay this sum for me Or I attach you by this officer.
(William Shakespeare) To Adriana! that is where we dined, Where Dowsabel did claim me for her husband: She is too big, I hope, for me to compass. Thither I must, although against my will, For servants must their masters' minds fulfil.
(William Shakespeare) I know not at whose suit he is arrested well; But he's in a suit of buff which 'rested him, that can I tell. Will you send him, mistress, redemption, the money in his desk?
(William Shakespeare) Why, sir, I brought you word an hour since that the bark Expedition put forth to-night; and then were you hindered by the sergeant, to tarry for the hoy Delay. Here are the angels that you sent for to deliver you.
(William Shakespeare) Affection makes him false; he speaks not true: Some twenty of them fought in this black strife, And all those twenty could but kill one life.
(William Shakespeare) Nor tears nor prayers shall purchase out abuses: Therefore use none: let Romeo hence in haste, Else, when he's found, that hour is his last
(William Shakespeare) And that bare vowel 'I' shall poison more Than the death-darting eye of cockatrice: I am not I, if there be such an I
(William Shakespeare) Just opposite to what thou justly seem'st, A damned saint, an honourable villain!
(William Shakespeare) Ah, poor my lord, what tongue shall smooth thy name, When I, thy three-hours wife, have mangled it?
(William Shakespeare) Weeping and wailing over Tybalt's corse: Will you go to them? I will bring you thither.
(William Shakespeare) Father, what news? what is the prince's doom? What sorrow craves acquaintance at my hand, That I yet know not?
(William Shakespeare) CLEON But see what heaven can do! By this our change These mouths who but of late
(William Shakespeare) earth, sea, and air, Were all too little to content and please, Although they gave their
(William Shakespeare) creatures in abundance, As houses are defil’d for want of use, They are now starv’d for
(William Shakespeare) want of exercise.
(William Shakespeare) Those palates who, not yet two summers younger, Must have inventions to delight the
(William Shakespeare) taste, Would now be glad of bread, and beg for it.
(William Shakespeare) Those mothers who to nouzle up their babes Thought nought too curious are ready
(William Shakespeare) now To eat those little darlings whom they lov’d.
(William Shakespeare) So sharp are hunger’s teeth that man and wife Draw lots who first shall die to lengthen
(William Shakespeare) life.
(William Shakespeare) Here stands a lord, and there a lady weeping; Here many sink, yet those which see
(William Shakespeare) them fall Have scarce strength left to give them burial.
(William Shakespeare) Is not this true? DIONYZA Our cheeks and hollow eyes do witness it.
(William Shakespeare) CLEON O, let those cities that of Plenty’s cup And her prosperities so largely taste,
(William Shakespeare) With their superfluous riots, hear these tears!
(William Shakespeare) The misery of Tharsus may be theirs.
(William Shakespeare) Enter a LORD
(William Shakespeare) LORD Where’s the Lord Governor? CLEON Here.
(William Shakespeare) Speak out thy sorrows which thou bring’st in haste, For comfort is too far for us to
(William Shakespeare) expect.
(William Shakespeare) LORD We have descried, upon our neighbouring shore, A portly sail of ships make
(William Shakespeare) hitherward.
(William Shakespeare) CLEON I thought as much.
(William Shakespeare) One sorrow never comes but brings an heir That may succeed as his inheritor; And so
(William Shakespeare) in ours: some neighbouring nation, Taking advantage of our misery, Hath stuff’d the
(William Shakespeare) hollow vessels with their power, To beat us down, the which are down already; And
(William Shakespeare) make a conquest of unhappy me, Whereas no glory’s got to overcome.
(William Shakespeare) LORD That’s the least fear; for by the semblance Of their white flags display’d, they
(William Shakespeare) bring us peace, And come to us as favourers, not as foes.
(William Shakespeare) CLEON Thou speak’st like him’s untutor’d to repeat: Who makes the fairest show
(William Shakespeare) means most deceit.
(William Shakespeare) But bring they what they will and what they can, What need we fear? Our ground’s the
(William Shakespeare) lowest, and we are halfway there.
(William Shakespeare) THAISA The King my father, sir, has drunk to you.
(William Shakespeare) PERICLES I thank him.
(William Shakespeare) THAISA Wishing it so much blood unto your life.
(William Shakespeare) PERICLES I thank both him and you, and pledge him freely.
(William Shakespeare) THAISA And further he desires to know of you Of whence you are, your name and
(William Shakespeare) parentage.
(William Shakespeare) PERICLES A gentleman of Tyre-my name, Pericles; My education been in arts and
(William Shakespeare) arms; Who, looking for adventures in the world, Was by the rough seas reft of ships
(William Shakespeare) and men, And after shipwreck driven upon this shore.
(William Shakespeare) THAISA He thanks your Grace; names himself Pericles, A gentleman of Tyre, Who
(William Shakespeare) only by misfortune of the seas, Bereft of ships and men, cast on this shore.
(William Shakespeare) SIMONIDES Now, by the gods, I pity his misfortune, And will awake him from his
(William Shakespeare) melancholy.
(William Shakespeare) Come, gentlemen, we sit too long on trifles And waste the time which looks for other
(William Shakespeare) revels.
(William Shakespeare) Even in your armours, as you are address’d, Will very well become a soldier’s dance.
(William Shakespeare) I will not have excuse, with saying this Loud music is too harsh for ladies’ heads, Since
(William Shakespeare) they love men in arms as well as beds.
(William Shakespeare) [They dance]
(William Shakespeare) So, this was well ask’d, ‘twas so well perform’d.
(William Shakespeare) Come, sir; Here is a lady that wants breathing too; And I have heard you knights of
(William Shakespeare) Tyre Are excellent in making ladies trip; And that their measures are as excellent.
(William Shakespeare) PERICLES In those that practise them they are, my lord.
(William Shakespeare) SIMONIDES O, that’s as much as you would be denied Of your fair courtesy.
(William Shakespeare) [The KNIGHTS and LADIES dance]
(William Shakespeare) Unclasp, unclasp.
(William Shakespeare) Thanks, gentlemen, to all; all have done well, [To PERICLES] But you the best.-Pages
(William Shakespeare) and lights, to conduct These knights unto their several lodgings!-Yours, sir, We have
(William Shakespeare) given order to be next our own.
(William Shakespeare) PERICLES I am at your Grace’s pleasure.
(William Shakespeare) SIMONIDES Princes, it is too late to talk of love, And that’s the mark I know you level
(William Shakespeare) at.
(William Shakespeare) Therefore each one betake him to his rest; To-morrow all for speeding do their best.
(William Shakespeare) Exeunt
(William Shakespeare) SCENE 4.
(William Shakespeare) Tyre. The Governor’s house. Enter HELICANUS and ESCANES HELICANUS No,
(William Shakespeare) Escanes; know this of meAntiochus from incest liv’d not free; For which, the most high
(William Shakespeare) gods not minding longer To withhold the vengeance that they had in store, Due to this
(William Shakespeare) heinous capital offence, Even in the height and pride of all his glory, When he was
(William Shakespeare) seated in a chariot Of an inestimable value, and his daughter with him, A fire from
(William Shakespeare) I have tir'd myself, and for two nights together
(William Shakespeare) Have made the ground my bed. I should be sick
(William Shakespeare) But that my resolution helps me. Milford,
(William Shakespeare) When from the mountain-top Pisanio show'd thee,
(William Shakespeare) Thou wast within a ken. O Jove! I think
(William Shakespeare) Foundations fly the wretched; such, I mean,
(William Shakespeare) Where they should be reliev'd. Two beggars told me
(William Shakespeare) I could not miss my way. Will poor folks lie,
(William Shakespeare) That have afflictions on them, knowing 'tis
(William Shakespeare) A punishment or trial? Yes; no wonder,
(William Shakespeare) When rich ones scarce tell true. To lapse in fulness
(William Shakespeare) Is sorer than to lie for need; and falsehood
(William Shakespeare) Is worse in kings than beggars. My dear lord!
(William Shakespeare) Thou art one o' th' false ones. Now I think on thee
(William Shakespeare) My hunger's gone; but even before, I was
(William Shakespeare) At point to sink for food. But what is this?
(William Shakespeare) Here is a path to't; 'tis some savage hold.
(William Shakespeare) I were best not call; I dare not call. Yet famine,
(William Shakespeare) Ere clean it o'erthrow nature, makes it valiant.
(William Shakespeare) Plenty and peace breeds cowards; hardness ever
(William Shakespeare) Of hardiness is mother. Ho! who's here?
(William Shakespeare) If anything that's civil, speak; if savage,
(William Shakespeare) Take or lend. Ho! No answer? Then I'll enter.
(William Shakespeare) Best draw my sword; and if mine enemy
(William Shakespeare) But fear the sword, like me, he'll scarcely look on't.
(William Shakespeare) Honoured Hypolita,
(William Shakespeare) Most dreaded Amazonian, that hast slaine
(William Shakespeare) The Sith-tuskd Bore; that with thy Arme as strong
(William Shakespeare) As it is white, wast neere to make the male
(William Shakespeare) To thy Sex captive, but that this thy Lord,
(William Shakespeare) Borne to uphold Creation in that honour
(William Shakespeare) First nature stilde it in, shrunke thee into
(William Shakespeare) The bownd thou wast ore-flowing, at once subduing
(William Shakespeare) Thy force, and thy affection: Soldiresse
(William Shakespeare) That equally canst poize sternenes with pitty,
(William Shakespeare) Whom now I know hast much more power on him
(William Shakespeare) Then ever he had on thee, who ow'st his strength
(William Shakespeare) And his Love too, who is a Servant for
(William Shakespeare) The Tenour of thy Speech: Deere Glasse of Ladies,
(William Shakespeare) Bid him that we, whom flaming war doth scortch,
(William Shakespeare) Vnder the shaddow of his Sword may coole us:
(William Shakespeare) Require him he advance it ore our heades;
(William Shakespeare) Banishd the kingdome? tis a benefit,
(William Shakespeare) A mercy I must thanke 'em for, but banishd
(William Shakespeare) The free enjoying of that face I die for,
(William Shakespeare) Oh twas a studdied punishment, a death
(William Shakespeare) Beyond Imagination: Such a vengeance
(William Shakespeare) That, were I old and wicked, all my sins
(William Shakespeare) Could never plucke upon me. Palamon,
(William Shakespeare) Thou ha'st the Start now, thou shalt stay and see
(William Shakespeare) Her bright eyes breake each morning gainst thy window,
(William Shakespeare) And let in life into thee; thou shalt feede
(William Shakespeare) Vpon the sweetenes of a noble beauty,
(William Shakespeare) That nature nev'r exceeded, nor nev'r shall:
(William Shakespeare) Good gods! what happines has Palamon!
(William Shakespeare) Twenty to one, hee'le come to speake to her,
(William Shakespeare) And if she be as gentle as she's faire,
(William Shakespeare) I know she's his; he has a Tongue will tame
(William Shakespeare) Tempests, and make the wild Rockes wanton.
(William Shakespeare) Come what can come,
(William Shakespeare) The worst is death; I will not leave the Kingdome.
(William Shakespeare) I know mine owne is but a heape of ruins,
(William Shakespeare) And no redresse there; if I goe, he has her.
(William Shakespeare) I am resolu'd an other shape shall make me,
(William Shakespeare) Or end my fortunes. Either way, I am happy:
(William Shakespeare) Ile see her, and be neere her, or no more.
(William Shakespeare) Why should I love this Gentleman? Tis odds
(William Shakespeare) He never will affect me; I am base,
(William Shakespeare) My Father the meane Keeper of his Prison,
(William Shakespeare) And he a prince: To marry him is hopelesse;
(William Shakespeare) To be his whore is witles. Out upon't,
(William Shakespeare) What pushes are we wenches driven to,
(William Shakespeare) When fifteene once has found us! First, I saw him;
(William Shakespeare) I seeing thought he was a goodly man;
(William Shakespeare) He has as much to please a woman in him,
(William Shakespeare) These eyes yet lookt on. Next, I pittied him,
(William Shakespeare) And so would any young wench, o' my Conscience,
(William Shakespeare) That ever dream'd, or vow'd her Maydenhead
(William Shakespeare) To a yong hansom Man; Then I lov'd him,
(William Shakespeare) Extreamely lov'd him, infinitely lov'd him;
(William Shakespeare) And yet he had a Cosen, faire as he too.
(William Shakespeare) But in my heart was Palamon, and there,
(William Shakespeare) Lord, what a coyle he keepes! To heare him
(William Shakespeare) Sing in an evening, what a heaven it is!
(William Shakespeare) And yet his Songs are sad ones. Fairer spoken
(William Shakespeare) Was never Gentleman. When I come in
(William Shakespeare) To bring him water in a morning, first
(William Shakespeare) He bowes his noble body, then salutes me, thus:
(William Shakespeare) 'Faire, gentle Mayde, good morrow; may thy goodnes
(William Shakespeare) Get thee a happy husband.' Once he kist me.
(William Shakespeare) I lov'd my lips the better ten daies after.
(William Shakespeare) Would he would doe so ev'ry day! He greives much,
(William Shakespeare) And me as much to see his misery.
(William Shakespeare) Brutus.
(William Shakespeare) Into what dangers would you lead me, Cassius,
(William Shakespeare) That you would have me seek into myself
(William Shakespeare) For that which is not in me?
(William Shakespeare) Brutus.
(William Shakespeare) What danger are you leading me into, Cassius,
(William Shakespeare) That you want me to search inside myself
(William Shakespeare) For something that is not there?
(William Shakespeare) Cassius.
(William Shakespeare) Therefore, good Brutus, be prepared to hear,
(William Shakespeare) And since you know you cannot see yourself
(William Shakespeare) So well as by reflection, I your glass
(William Shakespeare) Will modestly discover to yourself
(William Shakespeare) That of yourself which you yet know not of.
(William Shakespeare) And be not jealous on me, gentle Brutus;
(William Shakespeare) Were I a common laugher, or did use
(William Shakespeare) To stale with ordinary oaths my love
(William Shakespeare) To every new protester, if you know
(William Shakespeare) That I do fawn on men and hug them hard
(William Shakespeare) And after scandal them, or if you know
(William Shakespeare) That I profess myself in banqueting
(William Shakespeare) To all the rout, then hold me dangerous.

(William Shakespeare) Cassius.
(William Shakespeare) In that case, good Brutus, listen;
(William Shakespeare) Since you know you cannot see yourself
(William Shakespeare) Without being reflected, I, your mirror,
(William Shakespeare) Will without exaggerating show you
(William Shakespeare) Things about yourself which you don't yet realize.
(William Shakespeare) And don't be suspicious of me, gentle Brutus,
(William Shakespeare) If you think I'm a fool, or someone
(William Shakespeare) Who pretends to be the friend
(William Shakespeare) Of everyone who promises friendship to me; if you believe
(William Shakespeare) That I show friendship
(William Shakespeare) And then gossip about my friends; or if you know
(William Shakespeare) That I try to win the affections
(William Shakespeare) Of the common people, then consider me dangerous.

(William Shakespeare) Flourish and shout. [Flourish and shout.]
(William Shakespeare) Brutus.
(William Shakespeare) What means this shouting? I do fear the people
(William Shakespeare) Choose Caesar for their king.

(William Shakespeare) Brutus.
(William Shakespeare) What does this shouting mean? I am afraid the people
(William Shakespeare) Choose Caesar to be their king.

(William Shakespeare) Cassius.
(William Shakespeare) Ay, do you fear it?
(William Shakespeare) Then must I think you would not have it so.

(William Shakespeare) Cassius.
(William Shakespeare) Ay, are you afraid of it?
(William Shakespeare) Then I must believe that you don't want it to happen.

(William Shakespeare) Brutus.
(William Shakespeare) I would not, Cassius, yet I love him well.
(William Shakespeare) But wherefore do you hold me here so long?
(William Shakespeare) What is it that you would impart to me?
(William Shakespeare) If it be aught toward the general good,
(William Shakespeare) Set honor in one eye and death i' the other
(William Shakespeare) And I will look on both indifferently.
(William Shakespeare) For let the gods so speed me as I love
(William Shakespeare) The name of honor more than I fear death.

(William Shakespeare) Brutus.
(William Shakespeare) I don't want it, Cassius, but Caesar is my good friend.
(William Shakespeare) But why do you keep me here so long?
(William Shakespeare) What is it that you want to tell me?
(William Shakespeare) If it is anything concerning the good of Rome,
(William Shakespeare) Put honor on one side and death on the other,
(William Shakespeare) And I will face either one;
(William Shakespeare) For let the gods give me good fortune only if I love
(William Shakespeare) The name of honor more than I fear death.

(William Shakespeare) Cassius.
(William Shakespeare) I know that virtue to be in you, Brutus,
(William Shakespeare) As well as I do know your outward favor.
(William Shakespeare) Well, honor is the subject of my story.
(William Shakespeare) I cannot tell what you and other men
(William Shakespeare) Think of this life, but, for my single self,
(William Shakespeare) I had as lief not be as live to be
(William Shakespeare) In awe of such a thing as I myself.
(William Shakespeare) I was born free as Caesar, so were you;
(William Shakespeare) We both have fed as well, and we can both
(William Shakespeare) Endure the winter's cold as well as he.
(William Shakespeare) For once, upon a raw and gusty day,
(William Shakespeare) The troubled Tiber chafing with her shores,
(William Shakespeare) Caesar said to me, "Darest thou, Cassius, now
(William Shakespeare) Leap in with me into this angry flood
(William Shakespeare) And swim to yonder point?" Upon the word,
(William Shakespeare) Accoutred as I was, I plunged in
(William Shakespeare) And bade him follow. So indeed he did.
(William Shakespeare) The torrent roar'd, and we did buffet it
(William Shakespeare) With lusty sinews, throwing it aside
(William Shakespeare) And stemming it with hearts of controversy.

(William Shakespeare) Cassius.
(William Shakespeare) I know that what you have just said is true about you,
(William Shakespeare) Brutus,
(William Shakespeare) Just as well as I know your outward appearance.
(William Shakespeare) Well, honor is what I want to talk about.
(William Shakespeare) I don't know what you and other people
(William Shakespeare) Think about life, but just for myself,
(William Shakespeare) I would rather die than live to be
(William Shakespeare) In awe of someone no better than I am.
(William Shakespeare) I was born as free as Caesar, so were you;
(William Shakespeare) We eat the same foods, and we can both
(William Shakespeare) Stand the winter's cold just as well as Caesar.
(William Shakespeare) One time, on a cold and windy day,
(William Shakespeare) When the Tiber River was rising in the storm,
(William Shakespeare) Caesar said to me, "Cassius, I dare you
(William Shakespeare) To leap with me into this angry flood
(William Shakespeare) And swim to that spot way over there." As soon as he said
(William Shakespeare) it,
(William Shakespeare) Dressed like I was, I plunged in
(William Shakespeare) And dared him to follow. That's exactly what he did.
(William Shakespeare) The torrent roared, and we fought it
(William Shakespeare) CHARLES. Good morrow to your worship. OLIVER. Good Monsieur
(William Shakespeare) Charles! What's the new news at the new court? CHARLES. There's no news
(William Shakespeare) at the court, sir, but the old news; that is, the old Duke is banished by his
(William Shakespeare) younger brother the new Duke; and three or four loving lords have put
(William Shakespeare) themselves into voluntary exile with him, whose lands and revenues enrich the
(William Shakespeare) new Duke; therefore he gives them good leave to wander. OLIVER. Can you
(William Shakespeare) tell if Rosalind, the Duke's daughter, be banished with her father? CHARLES.
(William Shakespeare) O, no; for the Duke's daughter, her cousin, so loves her, being ever from their
(William Shakespeare) cradles bred together, that she would have followed her exile, or have died to
(William Shakespeare) stay behind her. She is at the court, and no less beloved of her uncle than his
(William Shakespeare) own daughter; and never two ladies loved as they do. OLIVER. Where will
(William Shakespeare) the old Duke live? CHARLES. They say he is already in the Forest of Arden,
(William Shakespeare) and a many merry men with him; and there they live like the old Robin Hood
(William Shakespeare) of England. They say many young gentlemen flock to him every day, and fleet
(William Shakespeare) the time carelessly, as they did in the golden world. OLIVER. What, you
(William Shakespeare) wrestle to-morrow before the new Duke? CHARLES. Marry, do I, sir; and I
(William Shakespeare) came to acquaint you with a matter. I am given, sir, secretly to understand that
(William Shakespeare) your younger brother, Orlando, hath a disposition to come in disguis'd against

(William Shakespeare) me to try a fall. To-morrow, sir, I wrestle for my credit; and he that escapes me
(William Shakespeare) without some broken limb shall acquit him well. Your brother is but young
(William Shakespeare) and tender; and, for your love, I would be loath to foil him, as I must, for my
(William Shakespeare) own honour, if he come in; therefore, out of my love to you, I came hither to
(William Shakespeare) acquaint you withal, that either you might stay him from his intendment, or
(William Shakespeare) brook such disgrace well as he shall run into, in that it is thing of his own
(William Shakespeare) search and altogether against my will. OLIVER. Charles, I thank thee for thy
(William Shakespeare) love to me, which thou shalt find I will most kindly requite. I had myself
(William Shakespeare) notice of my brother's purpose herein, and have by underhand means laboured
(William Shakespeare) to dissuade him from it; but he is resolute. I'll tell thee, Charles, it is the
(William Shakespeare) stubbornest young fellow of France; full of ambition, an envious emulator of
(William Shakespeare) every man's good parts, a secret and villainous contriver against me his natural
(William Shakespeare) brother. Therefore use thy discretion: I had as lief thou didst break his neck as
(William Shakespeare) his finger. And thou wert best look to't; for if thou dost him any slight
(William Shakespeare) disgrace, or if he do not mightily grace himself on thee, he will practise
(William Shakespeare) against thee by poison, entrap thee by some treacherous device, and never
(William Shakespeare) leave thee till he hath ta'en thy life by some indirect means or other; for, I
(William Shakespeare) assure thee, and almost with tears I speak it, there is not one so young and so
(William Shakespeare) villainous this day living. I speak but brotherly of him; but should I anatomize
(William Shakespeare) him to thee as he is, I must blush and weep, and thou must look pale and

(William Shakespeare) wonder. CHARLES. I am heartily glad I came hither to you. If he come to-
(William Shakespeare) morrow I'll give him his payment. If ever he go alone again, I'll never wrestle

(William Shakespeare) for prize more. And so, God keep your worship!

(Jane Austen) It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.

(Charles Dickens) It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness...
(Charles Dickens) A pause. One corpulent slow boy, with a wheezy manner of breathing, ventured the answer, Because he wouldn’t paper a room at all, but would paint it.
(Charles Dickens) Not that they knew, by name or nature, anything about an Ogre Fact forbid! I only use the word to express a monster in a lecturing castle, with Heaven knows how many heads manipulated into one, taking childhood captive, and dragging it into gloomy statistical dens by the hair.
(Charles Dickens) A space of stunted grass and dry rubbish being between him and the young rabble, he took his eyeglass out of his waistcoat to look for any child he knew by name, and might order off. Phenomenon almost incredible though distinctly seen, what did he then behold but his own metallurgical Louisa, peeping with all her might through a hole in a deal board, and his own mathematical Thomas abasing himself on the ground to catch but a hoof of the graceful equestrian Tyrolean flower-act!
(Charles Dickens) Both rose, red and disconcerted. But, Louisa looked at her father with more boldness than Thomas did. Indeed, Thomas did not look at him, but gave himself up to be taken home like a machine.
(Charles Dickens) There was an old woman, and what do you think? She lived upon nothing but victuals and drink; Victuals and drink were the whole of her diet, And yet this old woman would NEVER be quiet.
(Charles Dickens) For my part, my curiosity and interest were at least equal to the child's, for child she certainly was, although I thought it probably from what I could make out, that her very small and delicate frame imparted a peculiar youthfulness to her appearance. Though more scantily attired than she might have been she was dressed with perfect neatness, and betrayed no marks of poverty or neglect.
(Charles Dickens) This was said with no appearance of cunning or deceit, but with an unsuspicious frankness that bore the impress of truth. She walked on as before, growing more familiar with me as we proceeded and talking cheerfully by the way, but she said no more about her home, beyond remarking that we were going quite a new road and asking if it were a short one.
(Charles Dickens) It was an old man with long grey hair, whose face and figure as he held the light above his head and looked before him as he approached, I could plainly see. Though much altered by age, I fancied I could recognize in his spare and slender form something of that delicate mould which I had noticed in the child. Their bright blue eyes were certainly alike, but his face was so deeply furrowed and so very full of care, that here all resemblance ceased.
(Charles Dickens) He said this with such evident surprise that I was perplexed what answer to make, and the more so because coupled with something feeble and wandering in his manner, there were in his face marks of deep and anxious thought which convinced me that he could not be, as I had been at first inclined to suppose, in a state of dotage or imbecility.
(Charles Dickens) At this juncture, the subject of our conversation again returned, and the old man motioning to me to approach the table, broke off, and said no more.
(Charles Dickens) Although this invitation was accompanied with a curtsey that might have softened the heart of a church-warden, it by no means mollified the beadle.
(Charles Dickens) Oliver had not been within the walls of the workhouse a quarter of an hour, and had scarcely completed the demolition of a second slice of bread, when Mr. Bumble, who had handed him over to the care of an old woman, returned; and, telling him it was a board night, informed him that the board had said he was to appear before it forthwith.
(Charles Dickens) Nobody controverted the prophetic gentleman's opinion. An animated discussion took place. Oliver was ordered into instant confinement; and a bill was next morning pasted on the outside of the gate, offering a reward of five pounds to anybody who would take Oliver Twist off the hands of the parish. In other words, five pounds and Oliver Twist were offered to any man or woman who wanted an apprentice to any trade, business, or calling.
(Charles Dickens) The kind tone of this answer, the sweet voice, the gentle manner, the absence of any accent of haughtiness or displeasure, took the girl completely by surprise, and she burst into tears.
(Charles Dickens) A moment, and its glory was no more. The sun went down beneath the long dark lines of hill and cloud which piled up in the west an airy city, wall heaped on wall, and battlement on battlement; the light was all withdrawn; the shining church turned cold and dark; the stream forgot to smile; the birds were silent; and the gloom of winter dwelt on everything.
(Charles Dickens) His enemies asserted, by the way, that a strong trustfulness in sounds and forms was the master-key to Mr Pecksniff's character.
(Charles Dickens) There is something within me which gives me the assurance that this enlightened patronage would not be thrown away. In literature or art; the bar, the pulpit, or the stage; in one or other, if not all, I feel that I am certain to succeed.
(Charles Dickens) The blind man complied after a moment’s hesitation, and they descended together. The dialogue had passed as hurriedly as the words could be spoken, and they stood in his wretched room before he had had time to recover from his first surprise.
(Charles Dickens) His sleep was checkered with starts and moans, and sometimes with a muttered word or two. His hands were clenched, his brow bent, and his mouth firmly set. All this, the blind man accurately marked; and as if his curiosity were strongly awakened, and he had already some inkling of his mystery, he sat watching him, if the expression may be used, and listening, until it was broad day.
(Charles Dickens) The locksmith, who happened at the moment to have his eyes thrown upward and
(Charles Dickens) his head backward, in an intense communing with Toby, did not see his visitor, until
(Charles Dickens) Mrs Varden, more watchful than the rest, had desired Sim Tappertit to open the
(Charles Dickens) glass door and give him admission—from which untoward circumstance the good
(Charles Dickens) lady argued (for she could deduce a precious moral from the most trifling event) that
(Charles Dickens) to take a draught of small ale in the morning was to observe a pernicious, irreligious,
(Charles Dickens) and Pagan custom, the relish whereof should be left to swine, and Satan, or at least
(Charles Dickens) to Popish persons, and should be shunned by the righteous as a work of sin and evil.
(Charles Dickens) She would no doubt have pursued her admonition much further, and would have
(Charles Dickens) founded on it a long list of precious precepts of inestimable value, but that the young
(Charles Dickens) gentleman standing by in a somewhat uncomfortable and discomfited manner while
(Charles Dickens) she read her spouse this lecture, occasioned her to bring it to a premature
(Charles Dickens) conclusion.
(Charles Dickens) This little incident, illustrative though it was of Mrs Varden’s extraordinary sweetness
(Charles Dickens) and amiability, had so strong a tendency to check the conversation and to disconcert
(Charles Dickens) all parties but that excellent lady, that only a few monosyllables were uttered until
(Charles Dickens) Edward withdrew; which he presently did, thanking the lady of the house a great
(Charles Dickens) many times for her condescension, and whispering in Dolly’s ear that he would call
(Charles Dickens) on the morrow, in case there should happen to be an answer to the note—which,
(Charles Dickens) indeed, she knew without his telling, as Barnaby and his friend Grip had dropped in
(Charles Dickens) on the previous night to prepare her for the visit which was then terminating.
(Charles Dickens) ‘She’s considered so, I have no doubt,’ said Mrs Varden. ‘I was prepared for that; it’s
(Charles Dickens) natural; it’s of a piece with the rest. When you taunt me as you do to my face, how
(Charles Dickens) can I wonder that you taunt her behind her back!’ And here the incoherence coming
(Charles Dickens) on very strong, Mrs Varden wept, and laughed, and sobbed, and shivered, and
(Charles Dickens) hiccoughed, and choked; and said she knew it was very foolish but she couldn’t help
(Charles Dickens) it; and that when she was dead and gone, perhaps they would be sorry for it—which
(Charles Dickens) really under the circumstances did not appear quite so probable as she seemed to
(Charles Dickens) think—with a great deal more to the same effect. In a word, she passed with great
(Charles Dickens) decency through all the ceremonies incidental to such occasions; and being
(Charles Dickens) supported upstairs, was deposited in a highly spasmodic state on her own bed,
(Charles Dickens) where Miss Miggs shortly afterwards flung herself upon the body.
(Charles Dickens) As to Dolly, there she was again, the very pink and pattern of good looks, in a smart
(Charles Dickens) little cherry-coloured mantle, with a hood of the same drawn over her head, and
(Charles Dickens) upon the top of that hood, a little straw hat trimmed with cherry-coloured ribbons, and
(Charles Dickens) worn the merest trifle on one side—just enough in short to make it the wickedest and
(Charles Dickens) most provoking head-dress that ever malicious milliner devised. And not to speak of
(Charles Dickens) the manner in which these cherry-coloured decorations brightened her eyes, or vied
(Charles Dickens) with her lips, or shed a new bloom on her face, she wore such a cruel little muff, and
(Charles Dickens) such a heart-rending pair of shoes, and was so surrounded and hemmed in, as it
(Charles Dickens) were, by aggravations of all kinds, that when Mr Tappettit, holding the horse’s head,
(Charles Dickens) saw her come out of the house alone, such impulses came over him to decoy her
(Charles Dickens) into the chaise and drive off like mad, that he would unquestionably have done it, but
(Charles Dickens) for certain uneasy doubts besetting him as to the shortest way to Gretna Green;
(Charles Dickens) whether it was up the street or down, or up the right-hand turning or the left; and
(Charles Dickens) whether, supposing all the turnpikes to be carried by storm, the blacksmith in the end
(Charles Dickens) would marry them on credit; which by reason of his clerical office appeared, even to
(Charles Dickens) his excited imagination, so unlikely, that he hesitated. And while he stood hesitating,
(Charles Dickens) and looking post-chaises-and-six at Dolly, out came his master and his mistress, and
(Charles Dickens) the constant Miggs, and the opportunity was gone for ever. For now the chaise
(Charles Dickens) creaked upon its springs, and Mrs Varden was inside; and now it creaked again, and
(Charles Dickens) more than ever, and the locksmith was inside; and now it bounded once, as if its
(Charles Dickens) heart beat lightly, and Dolly was inside; and now it was gone and its place was
(Charles Dickens) empty, and he and that dreary Miggs were standing in the street together.
(Charles Dickens) The twilight had come on, and it was quickly growing dusk, but the path was so
(Charles Dickens) familiar to her from frequent traversing that she hardly thought of this, and certainly
(Charles Dickens) felt no uneasiness at being left alone. Moreover, there was the bracelet to admire;
(Charles Dickens) and when she had given it a good rub, and held it out at arm’s length, it sparkled and
(Charles Dickens) glittered so beautifully on her wrist, that to look at it in every point of view and with
(Charles Dickens) every possible turn of the arm, was quite an absorbing business. There was the
(Charles Dickens) letter too, and it looked so mysterious and knowing, when she took it out of her
(Charles Dickens) pocket, and it held, as she knew, so much inside, that to turn it over and over, and
(Charles Dickens) think about it, and wonder how it began, and how it ended, and what it said all
(Charles Dickens) through, was another matter of constant occupation. Between the bracelet and the
(Charles Dickens) letter, there was quite enough to do without thinking of anything else; and admiring
(Charles Dickens) each by turns, Dolly went on gaily.
(Charles Dickens) As she passed through a wicket-gate to where the path was narrow, and lay
(Charles Dickens) between two hedges garnished here and there with trees, she heard a rustling close
(Charles Dickens) at hand, which brought her to a sudden stop. She listened. All was very quiet, and
(Charles Dickens) she went on again—not absolutely frightened, but a little quicker than before
(Charles Dickens) perhaps, and possibly not quite so much at her ease, for a check of that kind is
(Charles Dickens) startling.
(Charles Dickens) She had no sooner moved on again, than she was conscious of the same sound,
(Charles Dickens) which was like that of a person tramping stealthily among bushes and brushwood.
(Charles Dickens) Looking towards the spot whence it appeared to come, she almost fancied she could
(Charles Dickens) make out a crouching figure. She stopped again. All was quiet as before. On she
(Charles Dickens) went once more—decidedly faster now—and tried to sing softly to herself. It must be
(Charles Dickens) the wind.
(Charles Dickens) But how came the wind to blow only when she walked, and cease when she stood
(Charles Dickens) still? She stopped involuntarily as she made the reflection, and the rustling noise
(Charles Dickens) stopped likewise. She was really frightened now, and was yet hesitating what to do,
(Charles Dickens) when the bushes crackled and snapped, and a man came plunging through them,
(Charles Dickens) close before her.
(Charles Dickens) It was a fine bright night, and for all her lowness of spirits Dolly kept looking up at the
(Charles Dickens) stars in a manner so bewitching (and she knew it!) that Joe was clean out of his
(Charles Dickens) senses, and plainly showed that if ever a man were—not to say over head and ears,
(Charles Dickens) but over the Monument and the top of Saint Paul’s in love, that man was himself.
(Charles Dickens) The road was a very good one; not at all a jolting road, or an uneven one; and yet
(Charles Dickens) Dolly held the side of the chaise with one little hand, all the way. If there had been an
(Charles Dickens) executioner behind him with an uplifted axe ready to chop off his head if he touched
(Charles Dickens) that hand, Joe couldn’t have helped doing it. From putting his own hand upon it as if
(Charles Dickens) by chance, and taking it away again after a minute or so, he got to riding along
(Charles Dickens) without taking it off at all; as if he, the escort, were bound to do that as an important
(Charles Dickens) part of his duty, and had come out for the purpose. The most curious circumstance
(Charles Dickens) about this little incident was, that Dolly didn’t seem to know of it. She looked so
(Charles Dickens) innocent and unconscious when she turned her eyes on Joe, that it was quite
(Charles Dickens) provoking.
(Charles Dickens) She talked though; talked about her fright, and about Joe’s coming up to rescue her,
(Charles Dickens) and about her gratitude, and about her fear that she might not have thanked him
(Charles Dickens) enough, and about their always being friends from that time forth—and about all that
(Charles Dickens) sort of thing. And when Joe said, not friends he hoped, Dolly was quite surprised,
(Charles Dickens) and said not enemies she hoped; and when Joe said, couldn’t they be something
(Charles Dickens) much better than either, Dolly all of a sudden found out a star which was brighter
(Charles Dickens) than all the other stars, and begged to call his attention to the same, and was ten
(Charles Dickens) thousand times more innocent and unconscious than ever.
(Charles Dickens) In this manner they travelled along, talking very little above a whisper, and wishing
(Charles Dickens) the road could be stretched out to some dozen times its natural length—at least that
(Charles Dickens) was Joe’s desire—when, as they were getting clear of the forest and emerging on
(Charles Dickens) the more frequented road, they heard behind them the sound of a horse’s feet at a
(Charles Dickens) round trot, which growing rapidly louder as it drew nearer, elicited a scream from Mrs
(Charles Dickens) Varden, and the cry ‘a friend!’ from the rider, who now came panting up, and
(Charles Dickens) checked his horse beside them.
(Charles Dickens) Miss Miggs also put in her word to the same effect. She said that indeed and indeed
(Charles Dickens) Miss Dolly might take pattern by her blessed mother, who, she always had said, and
(Charles Dickens) always would say, though she were to be hanged, drawn, and quartered for it next
(Charles Dickens) minute, was the mildest, amiablest, forgivingest-spirited, longest-sufferingest female
(Charles Dickens) as ever she could have believed; the mere narration of whose excellencies had
(Charles Dickens) worked such a wholesome change in the mind of her own sister-in-law, that,
(Charles Dickens) whereas, before, she and her husband lived like cat and dog, and were in the habit
(Charles Dickens) of exchanging brass candlesticks, pot-lids, flat-irons, and other such strong
(Charles Dickens) resentments, they were now the happiest and affectionatest couple upon earth; as
(Charles Dickens) could be proved any day on application at Golden Lion Court, number twenty-sivin,
(Charles Dickens) second bell-handle on the right-hand doorpost. After glancing at herself as a
(Charles Dickens) comparatively worthless vessel, but still as one of some desert, she besought her to
(Charles Dickens) bear in mind that her aforesaid dear and only mother was of a weakly constitution
(Charles Dickens) and excitable temperament, who had constantly to sustain afflictions in domestic life,
(Charles Dickens) compared with which thieves and robbers were as nothing, and yet never sunk down
(Charles Dickens) or gave way to despair or wrath, but, in prize-fighting phraseology, always came up
(Charles Dickens) to time with a cheerful countenance, and went in to win as if nothing had happened.
(Charles Dickens) When Miggs finished her solo, her mistress struck in again, and the two together
(Charles Dickens) performed a duet to the same purpose; the burden being, that Mrs Varden was
(Charles Dickens) persecuted perfection, and Mr Varden, as the representative of mankind in that
(Charles Dickens) apartment, a creature of vicious and brutal habits, utterly insensible to the blessings
(Charles Dickens) he enjoyed. Of so refined a character, indeed, was their talent of assault under the
(Charles Dickens) mask of sympathy, that when Dolly, recovering, embraced her father tenderly, as in
(Charles Dickens) vindication of his goodness, Mrs Varden expressed her solemn hope that this would
(Charles Dickens) be a lesson to him for the remainder of his life, and that he would do some little
(Charles Dickens) justice to a woman’s nature ever afterwards—in which aspiration Miss Miggs, by
(Charles Dickens) divers sniffs and coughs, more significant than the longest oration, expressed her
(Charles Dickens) entire concurrence.
(Charles Dickens) But the great joy of Miggs’s heart was, that she not only picked up a full account of
(Charles Dickens) what had happened, but had the exquisite delight of conveying it to Mr Tappertit for
(Charles Dickens) his jealousy and torture. For that gentleman, on account of Dolly’s indisposition, had
(Charles Dickens) been requested to take his supper in the workshop, and it was conveyed thither by
(Charles Dickens) Miss Miggs’s own fair hands.
(Charles Dickens) Leaving the favoured, and well-received, and flattered of the world; him of the world
(Charles Dickens) most worldly, who never compromised himself by an ungentlemanly action, and
(Charles Dickens) never was guilty of a manly one; to lie smilingly asleep—for even sleep, working but
(Charles Dickens) little change in his dissembling face, became with him a piece of cold, conventional
(Charles Dickens) hypocrisy—we follow in the steps of two slow travellers on foot, making towards
(Charles Dickens) Chigwell.
(Charles Dickens) Barnaby and his mother. Grip in their company, of course.
(Charles Dickens) The widow, to whom each painful mile seemed longer than the last, toiled wearily
(Charles Dickens) along; while Barnaby, yielding to every inconstant impulse, fluttered here and there,
(Charles Dickens) now leaving her far behind, now lingering far behind himself, now darting into some
(Charles Dickens) by-lane or path and leaving her to pursue her way alone, until he stealthily emerged
(Charles Dickens) again and came upon her with a wild shout of merriment, as his wayward and
(Charles Dickens) capricious nature prompted. Now he would call to her from the topmost branch of
(Charles Dickens) some high tree by the roadside; now using his tall staff as a leaping-pole, come flying
(Charles Dickens) over ditch or hedge or five-barred gate; now run with surprising swiftness for a mile
(Charles Dickens) or more on the straight road, and halting, sport upon a patch of grass with Grip till
(Charles Dickens) she came up. These were his delights; and when his patient mother heard his merry
(Charles Dickens) voice, or looked into his flushed and healthy face, she would not have abated them
(Charles Dickens) by one sad word or murmur, though each had been to her a source of suffering in
(Charles Dickens) the same degree as it was to him of pleasure.
(Charles Dickens) It is something to look upon enjoyment, so that it be free and wild and in the face of
(Charles Dickens) nature, though it is but the enjoyment of an idiot. It is something to know that Heaven
(Charles Dickens) has left the capacity of gladness in such a creature’s breast; it is something to be
(Charles Dickens) assured that, however lightly men may crush that faculty in their fellows, the Great
(Charles Dickens) Creator of mankind imparts it even to his despised and slighted work. Who would not
(Charles Dickens) rather see a poor idiot happy in the sunlight, than a wise man pining in a darkened
(Charles Dickens) jail!
(Charles Dickens) Ye men of gloom and austerity, who paint the face of Infinite Benevolence with an
(Charles Dickens) eternal frown; read in the Everlasting Book, wide open to your view, the lesson it
(Charles Dickens) would teach. Its pictures are not in black and sombre hues, but bright and glowing
(Charles Dickens) tints; its music—save when ye drown it—is not in sighs and groans, but songs and
(Charles Dickens) cheerful sounds. Listen to the million voices in the summer air, and find one dismal
(Charles Dickens) as your own. Remember, if ye can, the sense of hope and pleasure which every glad
(Charles Dickens) return of day awakens in the breast of all your kind who have not changed their
(Charles Dickens) nature; and learn some wisdom even from the witless, when their hearts are lifted up
(Charles Dickens) they know not why, by all the mirth and happiness it brings.
(Charles Dickens) The widow’s breast was full of care, was laden heavily with secret dread and sorrow;
(Charles Dickens) but her boy’s gaiety of heart gladdened her, and beguiled the long journey.
(Charles Dickens) Sometimes he would bid her lean upon his arm, and would keep beside her steadily
(Charles Dickens) for a short distance; but it was more his nature to be rambling to and fro, and she
(Charles Dickens) better liked to see him free and happy, even than to have him near her, because she
(Charles Dickens) loved him better than herself.
(Charles Dickens) She had quitted the place to which they were travelling, directly after the event which
(Charles Dickens) had changed her whole existence; and for two-and-twenty years had never had
(Charles Dickens) courage to revisit it. It was her native village. How many recollections crowded on
(Charles Dickens) her mind when it appeared in sight!
(Charles Dickens) Two-and-twenty years. Her boy’s whole life and history. The last time she looked
(Charles Dickens) back upon those roofs among the trees, she carried him in her arms, an infant. How
(Charles Dickens) often since that time had she sat beside him night and day, watching for the dawn of
(Charles Dickens) mind that never came; how had she feared, and doubted, and yet hoped, long after
(Charles Dickens) conviction forced itself upon her! The little stratagems she had devised to try him, the
(Charles Dickens) little tokens he had given in his childish way—not of dulness but of something
(Charles Dickens) infinitely worse, so ghastly and unchildlike in its cunning—came back as vividly as if
(Charles Dickens) but yesterday had intervened. The room in which they used to be; the spot in which
(Charles Dickens) his cradle stood; he, old and elfin-like in face, but ever dear to her, gazing at her with
(Charles Dickens) a wild and vacant eye, and crooning some uncouth song as she sat by and rocked
(Charles Dickens) him; every circumstance of his infancy came thronging back, and the most trivial,
(Charles Dickens) perhaps, the most distinctly.
(Charles Dickens) His older childhood, too; the strange imaginings he had; his terror of certain
(Charles Dickens) senseless things—familiar objects he endowed with life; the slow and gradual
(Charles Dickens) breaking out of that one horror, in which, before his birth, his darkened intellect
(Charles Dickens) began; how, in the midst of all, she had found some hope and comfort in his being
(Charles Dickens) unlike another child, and had gone on almost believing in the slow development of
(Charles Dickens) his mind until he grew a man, and then his childhood was complete and lasting; one
(Charles Dickens) after another, all these old thoughts sprung up within her, strong after their long
(Charles Dickens) slumber and bitterer than ever.
(Charles Dickens) She took his arm and they hurried through the village street. It was the same as it
(Charles Dickens) was wont to be in old times, yet different too, and wore another air. The change was
(Charles Dickens) in herself, not it; but she never thought of that, and wondered at its alteration, and
(Charles Dickens) where it lay, and what it was.
(Charles Dickens) The people all knew Barnaby, and the children of the place came flocking round
(Charles Dickens) him—as she remembered to have done with their fathers and mothers round some
(Charles Dickens) silly beggarman, when a child herself. None of them knew her; they passed each
(Charles Dickens) well-remembered house, and yard, and homestead; and striking into the fields, were
(Charles Dickens) soon alone again.
(Charles Dickens) With that, she would have left them, but they detained her, and with many soothing
(Charles Dickens) words and kind entreaties, besought her to consider what she did, and above all to
(Charles Dickens) repose more freely upon them, and say what weighed so sorely on her mind. Finding
(Charles Dickens) her deaf to their persuasions, Mr Haredale suggested, as a last resource, that she
(Charles Dickens) should confide in Emma, of whom, as a young person and one of her own sex, she
(Charles Dickens) might stand in less dread than of himself. From this proposal, however, she recoiled
(Charles Dickens) with the same indescribable repugnance she had manifested when they met. The
(Charles Dickens) utmost that could be wrung from her was, a promise that she would receive Mr

(Lovecraft) I was far from home, and the spell of the eastern sea was upon me. In the twilight I heard
(Lovecraft) it pounding on the rocks, and I knew it lay just over the hill where the twisting willows
(Lovecraft) writhed against the clearing sky and the first stars of evening. And because my fathers had
(Lovecraft) called me to the old town beyond, I pushed on through the shallow, new–fallen snow
(Lovecraft) along the road that soared lonely up to where Aldebaran twinkled among the trees; on
(Lovecraft) toward the very ancient town I had never seen but often dreamed of.
(Lovecraft) It was the Yuletide, that men call Christmas though they know in their hearts it is older
(Lovecraft) than Bethlehem and Babylon, older than Memphis and mankind. It was the Yuletide, and I
(Lovecraft) had come at last to the ancient sea town where my people had dwelt and kept festival in
(Lovecraft) the elder time when festival was forbidden; where also they had commanded their sons to
(Lovecraft) keep festival once every century, that the memory of primal secrets might not be forgotten.
(Lovecraft) Mine were an old people, and were old even when this land was settled three hundred
(Lovecraft) years before. And they were strange, because they had come as dark furtive folk from
(Lovecraft) opiate southern gardens of orchids, and spoken another tongue before they learnt the
(Lovecraft) tongue of the blue–eyed fishers. And now they were scattered, and shared only the rituals
(Lovecraft) of mysteries that none living could understand. I was the only one who came back that
(Lovecraft) night to the old fishing town as legend bade, for only the poor and the lonely remember.
(Lovecraft) Then beyond the hill’s crest I saw Kingsport outspread frostily in the gloaming; snowy
(Lovecraft) Kingsport with its ancient vanes and steeples, ridgepoles and chimney–pots, wharves and
(Lovecraft) small bridges, willow–trees and graveyards; endless labyrinths of steep, narrow, crooked
(Lovecraft) streets, and dizzy church–crowned central peak that time durst not touch; ceaseless mazes
(Lovecraft) of colonial houses piled and scattered at all angles and levels like a child’s disordered
(Lovecraft) blocks; antiquity hovering on grey wings over winter–whitened gables and gambrel roofs;
(Lovecraft) fanlights and small–paned windows one by one gleaming out in the cold dusk to join
(Lovecraft) Orion and the archaic stars. And against the rotting wharves the sea pounded; the
(Lovecraft) secretive, immemorial sea out of which the people had come in the elder time.
(Lovecraft) Beside the road at its crest a still higher summit rose, bleak and windswept, and I saw that
(Lovecraft) it was a burying–ground where black gravestones stuck ghoulishly through the snow like
(Lovecraft) the decayed fingernails of a gigantic corpse. The printless road was very lonely, and
(Lovecraft) sometimes I thought I heard a distant horrible creaking as of a gibbet in the wind. They
(Lovecraft) had hanged four kinsmen of mine for witchcraft in 1692, but I did not know just where.
(Lovecraft) As the road wound down the seaward slope I listened for the merry sounds of a village at
(Lovecraft) evening, but did not hear them. Then I thought of the season, and felt that these old
(Lovecraft) Puritan folk might well have Christmas customs strange to me, and full of silent hearthside
(Lovecraft) prayer. So after that I did not listen for merriment or look for wayfarers, kept on down past
(Lovecraft) the hushed lighted farmhouses and shadowy stone walls to where the signs of ancient
(Lovecraft) shops and sea taverns creaked in the salt breeze, and the grotesque knockers of pillared
(Lovecraft) doorways glistened along deserted unpaved lanes in the light of little, curtained windows.
(Lovecraft) Glanvill, published in 1681, the shocking Daemonolatriae of Remigius, printed in 1595 at
(Lovecraft) Lyons, and worst of all, the unmentionable Necronomicon of the mad Arab Abdul
(Lovecraft) Alhazred, in Olaus Wormius’ forbidden Latin translation; a book which I had never seen,
(Lovecraft) but of which I had heard monstrous things whispered. No one spoke to me, but I could
(Lovecraft) hear the creaking of signs in the wind outside, and the whir of the wheel as the bonneted
(Lovecraft) old woman continued her silent spinning, spinning. I thought the room and the books and
(Lovecraft) the people very morbid and disquieting, but because an old tradition of my fathers had
(Lovecraft) summoned me to strange feastings, I resolved to expect queer things. So I tried to read,
(Lovecraft) and soon became tremblingly absorbed by something I found in that accursed
(Lovecraft) Necronomicon; a thought and a legend too hideous for sanity or consciousness, but I
(Lovecraft) disliked it when I fancied I heard the closing of one of the windows that the settle faced, as
(Lovecraft) if it had been stealthily opened. It had seemed to follow a whirring that was not of the old
(Lovecraft) woman’s spinning–wheel. This was not much, though, for the old woman was spinning
(Lovecraft) very hard, and the aged clock had been striking. After that I lost the feeling that there were
(Lovecraft) persons on the settle, and was reading intently and shudderingly when the old man came
(Lovecraft) back booted and dressed in a loose antique costume, and sat down on that very bench, so
(Lovecraft) that I could not see him. It was certainly nervous waiting, and the blasphemous book in
(Lovecraft) my hands made it doubly so. When eleven struck, however, the old man stood up, glided
(Lovecraft) to a massive carved chest in a corner, and got two hooded cloaks; one of which he donned,
(Lovecraft) and the other of which he draped round the old woman, who was ceasing her monotonous
(Lovecraft) spinning. Then they both started for the outer door; the woman lamely creeping, and the
(Lovecraft) old man, after picking up the very book I had been reading, beckoning me as he drew his
(Lovecraft) hood over that unmoving face or mask.
(Lovecraft) We went out into the moonless and tortuous network of that incredibly ancient town; went
(Lovecraft) out as the lights in the curtained windows disappeared one by one, and the Dog Star leered
(Lovecraft) at the throng of cowled, cloaked figures that poured silently from every doorway and
(Lovecraft) formed monstrous processions up this street and that, past the creaking signs and
(Lovecraft) antediluvian gables, the thatched roofs and diamond–paned windows; threading
(Lovecraft) precipitous lanes where decaying houses overlapped and crumbled together; gliding across
(Lovecraft) open courts and churchyards where the bobbing lanterns made eldritch drunken
(Lovecraft) constellations.
(Lovecraft) Amid these hushed throngs I followed my voiceless guides; jostled by elbows that seemed
(Lovecraft) preternaturally soft, and pressed by chests and stomachs that seemed abnormally pulpy;
(Lovecraft) but seeing never a face and hearing never a word. Up, up, up, the eery columns slithered,
(Lovecraft) and I saw that all the travelers were converging as they flowed near a sort of focus of
(Lovecraft) crazy alleys at the top of a high hill in the center of the town, where perched a great white
(Lovecraft) church. I had seen it from the road’s crest when I looked at Kingsport in the new dusk, and
(Lovecraft) it had made me shiver because Aldebaran had seemed to balance itself a moment on the
(Lovecraft) ghostly spire.
(Lovecraft) There was an open space around the church; partly a churchyard with spectral shafts, and
(Lovecraft) partly a half–paved square swept nearly bare of snow by the wind, and lined with
(Lovecraft) unwholesomely archaic houses having peaked roofs and overhanging gables. Death–fires
(Lovecraft) danced over the tombs, revealing gruesome vistas, though queerly failing to cast any
(Lovecraft) shadows. Past the churchyard, where there were no houses, I could see over the hill’s
(Lovecraft) summit and watch the glimmer of stars on the harbor, though the town was invisible in the
(Lovecraft) dark. Only once in a while a lantern bobbed horribly through serpentine alleys on its way
(Lovecraft) to overtake the throng that was now slipping speechlessly into the church. I waited till the
(Lovecraft) crowd had oozed into the black doorway, and till all the stragglers had followed. The old
(Lovecraft) man was pulling at my sleeve, but I was determined to be the last. Crossing the threshold
(Lovecraft) into the swarming temple of unknown darkness, I turned once to look at the outside world
(Lovecraft) as the churchyard phosphorescence cast a sickly glow on the hilltop pavement. And as I
(Lovecraft) did so I shuddered. For though the wind had not left much snow, a few patches did remain
(Lovecraft) on the path near the door; and in that fleeting backward look it seemed to my troubled
(Lovecraft) eyes that they bore no mark of passing feet, not even mine.
(Lovecraft) The church was scarce lighted by all the lanterns that had entered it, for most of the throng
(Lovecraft) had already vanished. They had streamed up the aisle between the high pews to the trap–
(Lovecraft) door of the vaults which yawned loathsomely open just before the pulpit, and were now
(Lovecraft) squirming noiselessly in. I followed dumbly down the foot–worn steps and into the dark,
(Lovecraft) suffocating crypt. The tail of that sinuous line of night–marchers seemed very horrible,
(Lovecraft) and as I saw them wriggling into a venerable tomb they seemed more horrible still. Then I
(Lovecraft) noticed that the tomb’s floor had an aperture down which the throng was sliding, and in a
(Lovecraft) moment we were all descending an ominous staircase of rough–hewn stone; a narrow
(Lovecraft) spiral staircase damp and peculiarly odorous, that wound endlessly down into the bowels
(Lovecraft) of the hill past monotonous walls of dripping stone blocks and crumbling mortar. It was a
(Lovecraft) silent, shocking descent, and I observed after a horrible interval that the walls and steps
(Lovecraft) were changing in nature, as if chiseled out of the solid rock. What mainly troubled me was
(Lovecraft) that the myriad footfalls made no sound and set up no echoes. After more aeons of descent
(Lovecraft) I saw some side passages or burrows leading from unknown recesses of blackness to this
(Lovecraft) shaft of nighted mystery. Soon they became excessively numerous, like impious
(Lovecraft) catacombs of nameless menace; and their pungent odor of decay grew quite unbearable. I
(Lovecraft) knew we must have passed down through the mountain and beneath the earth of Kingsport
(Lovecraft) itself, and I shivered that a town should be so aged and maggoty with subterraneous evil.
(Lovecraft) Then I saw the lurid shimmering of pale light, and heard the insidious lapping of sunless
(Lovecraft) waters. Again I shivered, for I did not like the things that the night had brought, and
(Lovecraft) wished bitterly that no forefather had summoned me to this primal rite. As the steps and
(Lovecraft) the passage grew broader, I heard another sound, the thin, whining mockery of a feeble
(Lovecraft) flute; and suddenly there spread out before me the boundless vista of an inner world—a
(Lovecraft) vast fungous shore litten by a belching column of sick greenish flame and washed by a
(Lovecraft) wide oily river that flowed from abysses frightful and unsuspected to join the blackest
(Lovecraft) gulfs of immemorial ocean.
(Lovecraft) Fainting and gasping, I looked at that unhallowed Erebus of titan toadstools, leprous fire
(Lovecraft) and slimy water, and saw the cloaked throngs forming a semicircle around the blazing
(Lovecraft) pillar. It was the Yule–rite, older than man and fated to survive him; the primal rite of the
(Lovecraft) solstice and of spring’s promise beyond the snows; the rite of fire and evergreen, light and
(Lovecraft) music. And in the stygian grotto I saw them do the rite, and adore the sick pillar of flame,
(Lovecraft) and throw into the water handfuls gouged out of the viscous vegetation which glittered
(Lovecraft) green in the chlorotic glare. I saw this, and I saw something amorphously squatted far
(Lovecraft) away from the light, piping noisomely on a flute; and as the thing piped I thought I heard
(Lovecraft) noxious muffled flutterings in the fetid darkness where I could not see. But what
(Lovecraft) frightened me most was that flaming column; spouting volcanically from depths profound
(Lovecraft) and inconceivable, casting no shadows as healthy flame should, and coating the nitrous
(Lovecraft) stone with a nasty, venomous verdigris. For in all that seething combustion no warmth lay,
(Lovecraft) but only the clamminess of death and corruption.
(Lovecraft) The man who had brought me now squirmed to a point directly beside the hideous flame,
(Lovecraft) and made stiff ceremonial motions to the semi–circle he faced. At certain stages of the
(Lovecraft) ritual they did groveling obeisance, especially when he held above his head that abhorrent
(Lovecraft) Necronomicon he had taken with him; and I shared all the obeisances because I had been
(Lovecraft) summoned to this festival by the writings of my forefathers. Then the old man made a
(Lovecraft) signal to the half–seen flute–player in the darkness, which player thereupon changed its
(Lovecraft) feeble drone to a scarce louder drone in another key; precipitating as it did so a horror
(Lovecraft) unthinkable and unexpected. At this horror I sank nearly to the lichened earth, transfixed
(Lovecraft) with a dread not of this or any world, but only of the mad spaces between the stars.
(Lovecraft) Out of the unimaginable blackness beyond the gangrenous glare of that cold flame, out of
(Lovecraft) the tartarean leagues through which that oily river rolled uncanny, unheard, and
(Lovecraft) unsuspected, there flopped rhythmically a horde of tame, trained, hybrid winged things
(Lovecraft) that no sound eye could ever wholly grasp, or sound brain ever wholly remember. They
(Lovecraft) were not altogether crows, nor moles, nor buzzards, nor ants, nor vampire bats, nor
(Lovecraft) decomposed human beings; but something I cannot and must not recall. They flopped
(Lovecraft) limply along, half with their webbed feet and half with their membranous wings; and as
(Lovecraft) they reached the throng of celebrants the cowled figures seized and mounted them, and
(Lovecraft) rode off one by one along the reaches of that unlighted river, into pits and galleries of
(Lovecraft) panic where poison springs feed frightful and undiscoverable cataracts.
(Lovecraft) The old spinning woman had gone with the throng, and the old man remained only
(Lovecraft) because I had refused when he motioned me to seize an animal and ride like the rest. I saw
(Lovecraft) when I staggered to my feet that the amorphous flute–player had rolled out of sight, but
(Lovecraft) that two of the beasts were patiently standing by. As I hung back, the old man produced
(Lovecraft) his stylus and tablet and wrote that he was the true deputy of my fathers who had founded
(Lovecraft) the Yule worship in this ancient place; that it had been decreed I should come back, and
(Lovecraft) that the most secret mysteries were yet to be performed. He wrote this in a very ancient
(Lovecraft) hand, and when I still hesitated he pulled from his loose robe a seal ring and a watch, both
(Lovecraft) with my family arms, to prove that he was what he said. But it was a hideous proof,
(Lovecraft) because I knew from old papers that that watch had been buried with my great–great–
(Lovecraft) great–great–grandfather in 1698.
(Lovecraft) Presently the old man drew back his hood and pointed to the family resemblance in his
(Lovecraft) face, but I only shuddered, because I was sure that the face was merely a devilish waxen
(Lovecraft) mask. The flopping animals were now scratching restlessly at the lichens, and I saw that
(Lovecraft) the old man was nearly as restless himself. When one of the things began to waddle and
(Lovecraft) edge away, he turned quickly to stop it; so that the suddenness of his motion dislodged the
(Lovecraft) position barred me from the stone staircase down which we had come, I flung myself into
(Lovecraft) the oily underground river that bubbled somewhere to the caves of the sea; flung myself
(Lovecraft) into that putrescent juice of earth’s inner horrors before the madness of my screams could
(Lovecraft) bring down upon me all the charnel legions these pest–gulfs might conceal.
(Lovecraft) At the hospital they told me I had been found half–frozen in Kingsport Harbor at dawn,
(Lovecraft) clinging to the drifting spar that accident sent to save me. They told me I had taken the
(Lovecraft) wrong fork of the hill road the night before, and fallen over the cliffs at Orange Point; a
(Lovecraft) thing they deduced from prints found in the snow. There was nothing I could say, because
(Lovecraft) everything was wrong. Everything was wrong, with the broad windows showing a sea of
(Lovecraft) roofs in which only about one in five was ancient, and the sound of trolleys and motors in
(Lovecraft) the streets below. They insisted that this was Kingsport, and I could not deny it. When I
(Lovecraft) went delirious at hearing that the hospital stood near the old churchyard on Central Hill,
(Lovecraft) they sent me to St Mary’s Hospital in Arkham, where I could have better care. I liked it
(Lovecraft) there, for the doctors were broad–minded, and even lent me their influence in obtaining
(Lovecraft) the carefully sheltered copy of Alhazred’s objectionable Necronomicon from the library of
(Lovecraft) Miskatonic University. They said something about a “psychosis” and agreed I had better
(Lovecraft) get any harassing obsessions off my mind.
(Lovecraft) So I read that hideous chapter, and shuddered doubly because it was indeed not new to me.
(Lovecraft) I had seen it before, let footprints tell what they might; and where it was I had seen it were
(Lovecraft) best forgotten. There was no one —in waking hours—who could remind me of it; but my
(Lovecraft) dreams are filled with terror, because of phrases I dare not quote. I dare quote only one
(Lovecraft) paragraph, put into such English as I can make from the awkward Low Latin.
(Lovecraft) Though one might well imagine that my first sensation would be of wonder
(Lovecraft) at so prodigious and unexpected a transformation of scenery, I was in reality
(Lovecraft) more horrified than astonished; for there was in the air and in the rotting
(Lovecraft) soil a sinister quality which chilled me to the very core. The region was
(Lovecraft) putrid with the carcasses of decaying fish, and of other less describable
(Lovecraft) things which I saw protruding from the nasty mud of the unending plain.
(Lovecraft) Perhaps I should not hope to convey in mere words the unutterable
(Lovecraft) hideousness that can dwell in absolute silence and barren immensity. There
(Lovecraft) was nothing within hearing, and nothing in sight save a vast reach of black
(Lovecraft) slime; yet the very completeness of the stillness and the homogeneity of the
(Lovecraft) landscape oppressed me with a nauseating fear.
(Lovecraft) The sun was blazing down from a sky which seemed to me almost black in
(Lovecraft) its cloudless cruelty; as though reflecting the inky marsh beneath my feet.
(Lovecraft) As I crawled into the stranded boat I realized that only one theory could
(Lovecraft) explain my position. Through some unprecedented volcanic upheaval, a
(Lovecraft) portion of the ocean floor must have been thrown to the surface, exposing
(Lovecraft) regions which for innumerable millions of years had lain hidden under
(Lovecraft) unfathomable watery depths.
(Lovecraft) So great was the extent of the new land which had risen beneath me, that I
(Lovecraft) could not detect the faintest noise of the surging ocean, strain my ears as I
(Lovecraft) might.
(Lovecraft) Nor were there any sea-fowl to prey upon the dead things.
(Lovecraft) For several hours I sat thinking or brooding in the boat, which lay upon its
(Lovecraft) side and afforded a slight shade as the sun moved across the heavens. As
(Lovecraft) the day progressed, the ground lost some of its stickiness, and seemed likely
(Lovecraft) to dry sufficiently for travelling purposes in a short time. That night I slept
(Lovecraft) but little, and the next day I made for myself a pack containing food and
(Lovecraft) water, preparatory to an overland journey in search of the vanished sea and
(Lovecraft) possible rescue.
(Lovecraft) On the third morning I found the soil dry enough to walk upon with ease.
(Lovecraft) The odour of the fish was maddening; but I was too much concerned with
(Lovecraft) graver things to mind so slight an evil, and set out boldly for an unknown
(Lovecraft) goal. All day I forged steadily westward, guided by a far-away hummock
(Lovecraft) which rose higher than any other elevation on the rolling desert. That night I
(Lovecraft) encamped, and on the following day still travelled toward the hummock,
(Lovecraft) though that object seemed scarcely nearer than when I had first espied it.
(Lovecraft) By the fourth evening I attained the base of the mound, which turned out to
(Lovecraft) be much higher than it had appeared from a distance, an intervening valley
(Lovecraft) setting it out in sharper relief from the general surface. Too weary to
(Lovecraft) ascend, I slept in the shadow of the hill.
(Lovecraft) Awestruck at this unexpected glimpse into a past beyond the conception of
(Lovecraft) the most daring anthropologist, I stood musing whilst the moon cast queer
(Lovecraft) reflections on the silent channel before me. Then suddenly I saw it. With
(Lovecraft) only a slight churning to mark its rise to the surface, the thing slid into view
(Lovecraft) above the dark waters. Vast, Polyphemus-like, and loathsome, it darted like
(Lovecraft) a stupendous monster of nightmares to the monolith, about which it flung
(Lovecraft) its gigantic scaly arms, the while it bowed its hideous head and gave vent to
(Lovecraft) certain measured sounds. I think I went mad then.
(Lovecraft) Of my frantic ascent of the slope and cliff, and of my delirious journey back
(Lovecraft) to the stranded boat, I remember little. I believe I sang a great deal, and
(Lovecraft) laughed oddly when I was unable to sing. I have indistinct recollections of a
(Lovecraft) great storm some time after I reached the boat; at any rate, I knew that I
(Lovecraft) heard peals of thunder and other tones which Nature utters only in her
(Lovecraft) wildest moods.
(Lovecraft) When I came out of the shadows I was in a San Francisco hospital; brought
(Lovecraft) thither by the captain of the American ship which had picked up my boat in
(Lovecraft) mid-ocean. In my delirium I had said much, but found that my words had
(Lovecraft) been given scant attention. Of any land upheaval in the Pacific, my rescuers
(Lovecraft) knew nothing; nor did I deem it necessary to insist upon a thing which I
(Lovecraft) knew they could not believe. Once I sought out a celebrated ethnologist,
(Lovecraft) and amused him with peculiar questions regarding the ancient Philistine
(Lovecraft) legend of Dagon, the Fish-God; but soon perceiving that he was hopelessly
(Lovecraft) conventional, I did not press my inquiries.

(Walter Scott) It was the day after Doune Fair when my story commences. It had been a brisk market.
(Walter Scott) Several dealers had attended from the northern and midland counties in England, and
(Walter Scott) English money had flown so merrily about as to gladden the hearts of the Highland
(Walter Scott) farmers. Many large droves were about to set off for England, under the protection of
(Walter Scott) their owners, or of the topsmen whom they employed in the tedious, laborious, and
(Walter Scott) responsible office of driving the cattle for many hundred miles, from the market where
(Walter Scott) they had been purchased, to the fields or farmyards where they were to be fattened for
(Walter Scott) the shambles.
(Walter Scott) The Highlanders in particular are masters of this difficult trade of driving, which seems
(Walter Scott) to suit them as well as the trade of war. It affords exercise for all their habits of patient
(Walter Scott) endurance and active exertion. They are required to know perfectly the drove-roads,
(Walter Scott) which lie over the wildest tracts of the country, and to avoid as much as possible the
(Walter Scott) highways, which distress the feet of the bullocks, and the turnpikes, which annoy the
(Walter Scott) spirit of the drover; whereas on the broad green or grey track which leads across the
(Walter Scott) pathless moor, the herd not only move at ease and without taxation, but, if they mind
(Walter Scott) their business, may pick up a mouthful of food by the way. At night the drovers usually
(Walter Scott) sleep along with their cattle, let the weather be what it will; and many of these hardy
(Walter Scott) men do not once rest under a roof during a journey on foot from Lochaber to
(Walter Scott) Lincolnshire. They are paid very highly, for the trust reposed is of the last importance, as
(Walter Scott) it depends on their prudence, vigilance, and honesty whether the cattle reach the final
(Walter Scott) market in good order, and afford a profit to the grazier. But as they maintain themselves
(Walter Scott) at their own expense, they are especially economical in that particular. At the period we
(Walter Scott) speak of, a Highland drover was victualled for his long and toilsome journey with a few
(Walter Scott) handfulls of oatmeal and two or three onions, renewed from time to time, and a ram's
(Walter Scott) horn filled with whisky, which he used regularly, but sparingly, every night and
(Walter Scott) morning. His dirk, or SKENE-DHU, (that is, black-knife), so worn as to be concealed
(Walter Scott) beneath the arm, or by the folds of the plaid, was his only weapon, excepting the cudgel
(Walter Scott) with which he directed the movements of the cattle. A Highlander was never so happy as
(Walter Scott) on these occasions. There was a variety in the whole journey, which exercised the Celt's
(Walter Scott) natural curiosity and love of motion. There were the constant change of place and scene,
(Walter Scott) the petty adventures incidental to the traffic, and the intercourse with the various
(Walter Scott) farmers, graziers, and traders, intermingled with occasional merry-makings, not the less
(Walter Scott) acceptable to Donald that they were void of expense. And there was the consciousness of
(Walter Scott) superior skill; for the Highlander, a child amongst flocks, is a prince amongst herds, and
(Walter Scott) his natural habits induce him to disdain the shepherd's slothful life, so that he feels

(Walter Scott) himself nowhere more at home than when following a gallant drove of his country cattle
(Walter Scott) in the character of their guardian.
(Walter Scott) Of the number who left Doune in the morning, and with the purpose we have described,
(Walter Scott) not a GLUNAMIE of them all cocked his bonnet more briskly, or gartered his tartan
(Walter Scott) hose under knee over a pair of more promising SPIOGS, (legs), than did Robin Oig
(Walter Scott) M'Combich, called familiarly Robin Oig, that is young, or the Lesser, Robin. Though
(Walter Scott) small of stature, as the epithet Oig implies, and not very strongly limbed, he was as light
(Walter Scott) and alert as one of the deer of his mountains. He had an elasticity of step which, in the
(Walter Scott) course of a long march, made many a stout fellow envy him; and the manner in which he
(Walter Scott) busked his plaid and adjusted his bonnet argued a consciousness that so smart a John
(Walter Scott) Highlandman as himself would not pass unnoticed among the Lowland lasses. The
(Walter Scott) ruddy cheek, red lips, and white teeth set off a countenance which had gained by
(Walter Scott) exposure to the weather a healthful and hardy rather than a rugged hue. If Robin Oig
(Walter Scott) did not laugh, or even smile frequently—as, indeed, is not the practice among his
(Walter Scott) countrymen—his bright eyes usually gleamed from under his bonnet with an expression
(Walter Scott) of cheerfulness ready to be turned into mirth.
(Walter Scott) The departure of Robin Oig was an incident in the little town, in and near which he had
(Walter Scott) many friends, male and female. He was a topping person in his way, transacted
(Walter Scott) considerable business on his own behalf, and was entrusted by the best farmers in the
(Walter Scott) Highlands, in preference to any other drover in that district. He might have increased
(Walter Scott) his business to any extent had he condescended to manage it by deputy; but except a lad
(Walter Scott) or two, sister's sons of his own, Robin rejected the idea of assistance, conscious,
(Walter Scott) perhaps, how much his reputation depended upon his attending in person to the
(Walter Scott) practical discharge of his duty in every instance. He remained, therefore, contented with
(Walter Scott) the highest premium given to persons of his description, and comforted himself with the
(Walter Scott) hopes that a few journeys to England might enable him to conduct business on his own
(Walter Scott) account, in a manner becoming his birth. For Robin Oig's father, Lachlan M'Combich
(Walter Scott) (or SON OF MY FRIEND, his actual clan surname being M'Gregor), had been so called
(Walter Scott) by the celebrated Rob Roy, because of the particular friendship which had subsisted
(Walter Scott) between the grandsire of Robin and that renowned cateran. Some people even said that
(Walter Scott) Robin Oig derived his Christian name from one as renowned in the wilds of Loch
(Walter Scott) Lomond as ever was his namesake Robin Hood in the precincts of merry Sherwood. "Of
(Walter Scott) such ancestry," as James Boswell says, "who would not be proud?" Robin Oig was proud
(Walter Scott) accordingly; but his frequent visits to England and to the Lowlands had given him tact
(Walter Scott) enough to know that pretensions which still gave him a little right to distinction in his
(Walter Scott) own lonely glen, might be both obnoxious and ridiculous if preferred elsewhere. The
(Walter Scott) pride of birth, therefore, was like the miser's treasure—the secret subject of his
(Walter Scott) contemplation, but never exhibited to strangers as a subject of boasting.
(Walter Scott) My story is nearly ended. The unfortunate Highlander stood his trial at Carlisle. I was
(Walter Scott) myself present, and as a young Scottish lawyer, or barrister at least, and reputed a man
(Walter Scott) of some quality, the politeness of the Sheriff of Cumberland offered me a place on the
(Walter Scott) bench. The facts of the case were proved in the manner I have related them; and
(Walter Scott) whatever might be at first the prejudice of the audience against a crime so un-English as
(Walter Scott) that of assassination from revenge, yet when the rooted national prejudices of the
(Walter Scott) prisoner had been explained, which made him consider himself as stained with indelible
(Walter Scott) dishonour, when subjected to personal violence—when his previous patience,
(Walter Scott) moderation, and endurance were considered—the generosity of the English audience
(Walter Scott) was inclined to regard his crime as the wayward aberration of a false idea of honour
(Walter Scott) rather than as flowing from a heart naturally savage, or perverted by habitual vice. I
(Walter Scott) shall never forget the charge of the venerable judge to the jury, although not at that time
(Walter Scott) liable to be much affected either by that which was eloquent or pathetic.
(Walter Scott) "We have had," he said, "in the previous part of our duty" (alluding to some former
(Walter Scott) trials), "to discuss crimes which infer disgust and abhorrence, while they call down the
(Walter Scott) well-merited vengeance of the law. It is now our still more melancholy task to apply its
(Walter Scott) salutary though severe enactments to a case of a very singular character, in which the
(Walter Scott) crime (for a crime it is, and a deep one) arose less out of the malevolence of the heart,
(Walter Scott) than the error of the understanding—less from any idea of committing wrong, than from
(Walter Scott) an unhappily perverted notion of that which is right. Here we have two men, highly
(Walter Scott) esteemed, it has been stated, in their rank of life, and attached, it seems, to each other as
(Walter Scott) friends, one of whose lives has been already sacrificed to a punctilio, and the other is
(Walter Scott) about to prove the vengeance of the offended laws; and yet both may claim our
(Walter Scott) commiseration at least, as men acting in ignorance of each other's national prejudices,
(Walter Scott) and unhappily misguided rather than voluntarily erring from the path of right conduct.

(Walter Scott) "In the original cause of the misunderstanding, we must in justice give the right to the
(Walter Scott) prisoner at the bar. He had acquired possession of the enclosure, which was the object of
(Walter Scott) competition, by a legal contract with the proprietor, Mr. Ireby; and yet, when accosted
(Walter Scott) with reproaches undeserved in themselves, and galling, doubtless, to a temper at least
(Walter Scott) sufficiently susceptible of passion, he offered notwithstanding, to yield up half his
(Walter Scott) acquisition, for the sake of peace and good neighbourhood, and his amicable proposal
(Walter Scott) was rejected with scorn. Then follows the scene at Mr. Heskett the publican's, and you
(Walter Scott) will observe how the stranger was treated by the deceased, and, I am sorry to observe, by
(Walter Scott) those around, who seem to have urged him in a manner which was aggravating in the
(Walter Scott) highest degree. While he asked for peace and for composition, and offered submission to
(Walter Scott) a magistrate, or to a mutual arbiter, the prisoner was insulted by a whole company, who
(Walter Scott) seem on this occasion to have forgotten the national maxim of 'fair play;' and while
(Walter Scott) attempting to escape from the place in peace, he was intercepted, struck down, and
(Walter Scott) beaten to the effusion of his blood.
(Walter Scott) "Gentlemen of the jury, it was with some impatience that I heard my learned brother
(Walter Scott) who opened the case for the crown give an unfavourable turn to the prisoner's conduct
(Walter Scott) on this occasion. He said the prisoner was afraid to encounter his antagonist in fair
(Walter Scott) fight, or to submit to the laws of the ring; and that therefore, like a cowardly Italian, he
(Walter Scott) had recourse to his fatal stiletto, to murder the man whom he dared not meet in manly
(Walter Scott) encounter. I observed the prisoner shrink from this part of the accusation with the
(Walter Scott) abhorrence natural to a brave man; and as I would wish to make my words impressive
(Walter Scott) when I point his real crime, I must secure his opinion of my impartiality by rebutting
(Walter Scott) everything that seems to me a false accusation. There can be no doubt that the prisoner
(Walter Scott) is a man of resolution—too much resolution. I wish to Heaven that he had less—or,
(Walter Scott) rather that he had had a better education to regulate it.
(Walter Scott) "Gentlemen, as to the laws my brother talks of, they may be known in the bull-ring, or
(Walter Scott) the bear-garden, or the cock-pit, but they are not known here. Or, if they should be so
(Walter Scott) far admitted as furnishing a species of proof that no malice was intended in this sort of
(Walter Scott) combat, from which fatal accidents do sometimes arise, it can only be so admitted when
(Walter Scott) both parties are IN PARI CASU, equally acquainted with, and equally willing to refer
(Walter Scott) themselves to, that species of arbitrament. But will it be contended that a man of
(Walter Scott) superior rank and education is to be subjected, or is obliged to subject himself, to this
(Walter Scott) coarse and brutal strife, perhaps in opposition to a younger, stronger, or more skilful
(Walter Scott) opponent? Certainly even the pugilistic code, if founded upon the fair play of Merry Old
(Walter Scott) England, as my brother alleges it to be, can contain nothing so preposterous. And,
(Walter Scott) gentlemen of the jury, if the laws would support an English gentleman, wearing, we will
(Walter Scott) suppose, his sword, in defending himself by force against a violent personal aggression
(Walter Scott) of the nature offered to this prisoner, they will not less protect a foreigner and a
(Walter Scott) stranger, involved in the same unpleasing circumstances. If, therefore, gentlemen of the
(Walter Scott) jury, when thus pressed by a VIS MAJOR, the object of obloquy to a whole company,

(Walter Scott) and of direct violence from one at least, and, as he might reasonably apprehend, from
(Walter Scott) more, the panel had produced the weapon which his countrymen, as we are informed,
(Walter Scott) generally carry about their persons, and the same unhappy circumstance had ensued
(Walter Scott) which you have heard detailed in evidence, I could not in my conscience have asked
(Walter Scott) from you a verdict of murder. The prisoner's personal defence might indeed, even in
(Walter Scott) that case, have gone more or less beyond the MODERAMEN INCULPATAE TUTELAE,
(Walter Scott) spoken of by lawyers; but the punishment incurred would have been that of
(Walter Scott) manslaughter, not of murder. I beg leave to add that I should have thought this milder
(Walter Scott) species of charge was demanded in the case supposed, notwithstanding the statute of
(Walter Scott) James I. cap. 8, which takes the case of slaughter by stabbing with a short weapon, even
(Walter Scott) without MALICE PREPENSE, out of the benefit of clergy. For this statute of stabbing, as
(Walter Scott) it is termed, arose out of a temporary cause; and as the real guilt is the same, whether
(Walter Scott) the slaughter be committed by the dagger, or by sword or pistol, the benignity of the
(Walter Scott) modern law places them all on the same, or nearly the same, footing.
(Walter Scott) "But, gentlemen of the jury, the pinch of the case lies in the interval of two hours
(Walter Scott) interposed betwixt the reception of the injury and the fatal retaliation. In the heat of
(Walter Scott) affray and CHAUDE MELEE, law, compassionating the infirmities of humanity, makes
(Walter Scott) allowance for the passions which rule such a stormy moment—for the sense of present
(Walter Scott) pain, for the apprehension of further injury, for the difficulty of ascertaining with due
(Walter Scott) accuracy the precise degree of violence which is necessary to protect the person of the
(Walter Scott) individual, without annoying or injuring the assailant more than is absolutely necessary.
(Walter Scott) But the time necessary to walk twelve miles, however speedily performed, was an
(Walter Scott) interval sufficient for the prisoner to have recollected himself; and the violence with
(Walter Scott) which he carried his purpose into effect, with so many circumstances of deliberate
(Walter Scott) determination, could neither be induced by the passion of anger, nor that of fear. It was
(Walter Scott) the purpose and the act of predetermined revenge, for which law neither can, will, nor
(Walter Scott) ought to have sympathy or allowance.
(Walter Scott) "It is true, we may repeat to ourselves, in alleviation of this poor man's unhappy action,
(Walter Scott) that his case is a very peculiar one. The country which he inhabits was, in the days of
(Walter Scott) many now alive, inaccessible to the laws, not only of England, which have not even yet
(Walter Scott) penetrated thither, but to those to which our neighbours of Scotland are subjected, and
(Walter Scott) which must be supposed to be, and no doubt actually are, founded upon the general
(Walter Scott) principles of justice and equity which pervade every civilized country. Amongst their
(Walter Scott) mountains, as among the North American Indians, the various tribes were wont to make
(Walter Scott) war upon each other, so that each man was obliged to go armed for his own protection.
(Walter Scott) These men, from the ideas which they entertained of their own descent and of their own
(Walter Scott) consequence, regarded themselves as so many cavaliers or men-at-arms, rather than as
(Walter Scott) the peasantry of a peaceful country. Those laws of the ring, as my brother terms them,
(Walter Scott) were unknown to the race of warlike mountaineers; that decision of quarrels by no other
(Walter Scott) weapons than those which nature has given every man must to them have seemed as

(Walter Scott) vulgar and as preposterous as to the NOBLESSE of France. Revenge, on the other hand,
(Walter Scott) must have been as familiar to their habits of society as to those of the Cherokees or
(Walter Scott) Mohawks. It is indeed, as described by Bacon, at bottom a kind of wild untutored
(Walter Scott) justice; for the fear of retaliation must withhold the hands of the oppressor where there
(Walter Scott) is no regular law to check daring violence. But though all this may be granted, and
(Walter Scott) though we may allow that, such having been the case of the Highlands in the days of the
(Walter Scott) prisoner's fathers, many of the opinions and sentiments must still continue to influence
(Walter Scott) the present generation, it cannot, and ought not, even in this most painful case, to alter
(Walter Scott) the administration of the law, either in your hands, gentlemen of the jury, or in mine.
(Walter Scott) The first object of civilisation is to place the general protection of the law, equally
(Walter Scott) administered, in the room of that wild justice which every man cut and carved for
(Walter Scott) himself, according to the length of his sword and the strength of his arm. The law says to
(Walter Scott) the subjects, with a voice only inferior to that of the Deity, 'Vengeance is mine.' The
(Walter Scott) instant that there is time for passion to cool, and reason to interpose, an injured party
(Walter Scott) must become aware that the law assumes the exclusive cognisance of the right and
(Walter Scott) wrong betwixt the parties, and opposes her inviolable buckler to every attempt of the
(Walter Scott) private party to right himself. I repeat that this unhappy man ought personally to be the
(Walter Scott) object rather of our pity than our abhorrence, for he failed in his ignorance, and from
(Walter Scott) mistaken notions of honour. But his crime is not the less that of murder, gentlemen,
(Walter Scott) and, in your high and important office, it is your duty so to find. Englishmen have their
(Walter Scott) angry passions as well as Scots; and should this man's action remain unpunished, you
(Walter Scott) may unsheath, under various pretences, a thousand daggers betwixt the Land's-End and
(Walter Scott) the Orkneys."
(Walter Scott) The venerable Judge thus ended what, to judge by his apparent emotion, and by the
(Walter Scott) tears which filled his eyes, was really a painful task. The jury, according to his
(Walter Scott) instructions, brought in a verdict of Guilty; and Robin Oig M'Combich, ALIAS
(Walter Scott) McGregor, was sentenced to death, and left for execution, which took place accordingly.
(Walter Scott) He met his fate with great firmness, and acknowledged the justice of his sentence. But
(Walter Scott) he repelled indignantly the observations of those who accused him of attacking an
(Walter Scott) unarmed man. "I give a life for the life I took," he said, "and what can I do more?"

(Agatha Christie) Miss Tay lor screamed with laugh ter.
(Agatha Christie) 'Oh, do look at Mr Cade! Isn't he funny?'
(Agatha Christie) 'Time for morn ing tea,' said An thony briskly. 'Come this way.
(Agatha Christie) There is an ex cel lent cafй in the next street.'
(Agatha Christie) 'I pre sume,' said Mrs Caldicott in her deep voice, 'that the ex pense
(Agatha Christie) is in cluded in the Tour?'
(Agatha Christie) 'Morn ing tea, Mrs Caldicott,' said An thony, as sum ing his
(Agatha Christie) pro fes sional man ner, 'is an ex tra.'
(Agatha Christie) 'Dis grace ful.'
(Agatha Christie) 'Life is full of tri als, isn't it?' said An thony cheer fully.
(Agatha Christie) Mrs Caldicott's eyes gleamed, and she re marked with the air of one
(Agatha Christie) spring ing a mine:
(Agatha Christie) 'I sus pected as much, and in an tic i pa tion I poured off some tea

(Agatha Christie) into a jug at break fast this morn ing! I can heat that up on the spirit-
(Agatha Christie) lamp. Come, Fa ther.'

(Agatha Christie) Mr and Mrs Caldicott sailed off tri umphantly to the ho tel, the
(Agatha Christie) lady's back com pla cent with suc cess ful fore thought.
(Agatha Christie) 'Oh, Lord,' mut tered An thony, 'what a lot of funny peo ple it does
(Agatha Christie) take to make a world.'
(Agatha Christie) He marshalled the rest of the party in the di rec tion of the cafй.
(Agatha Christie) Miss Tay lor kept by his side, and re sumed her cat e chism. 'Is it a long
(Agatha Christie) time since you saw your friend?'
(Agatha Christie) 'Just over seven years.'
(Agatha Christie) 'Was it in Africa you knew him?'
(Agatha Christie) 'Yes, not this part, though. The first time I ever saw Jimmy
(Agatha Christie) Mc Grath he was all trussed up ready for the cook ing pot. Some of the
(Agatha Christie) tribes in the in te rior are can ni bals, you know. We got there just in
(Agatha Christie) time.'
(Agatha Christie) 'What hap pened?'
(Agatha Christie) 'Very nice lit tle shindy. We pot ted some of the beg gars, and the
(Agatha Christie) rest took to their heels.'

(Agatha Christie) 'Oh, Mr Cade, what an ad ven tur ous life you must have led!'
(Agatha Christie) 'Very peace ful, I as sure you.'
(Agatha Christie) But it was clear that the lady did not be lieve him.
(Agatha Christie) It was about ten o'clock that night when An thony Cade walked into
(Agatha Christie) the small room where Jimmy Mc Grath was busy ma nip u lat ing
(Agatha Christie) var i ous bot tles.
(Agatha Christie) 'Make it strong, James,' he im plored. 'I can tell you, I need it.'
(Agatha Christie) 'I should think you did, my boy. I wouldn't take on that job of
(Agatha Christie) yours for any thing.'
(Agatha Christie) 'Show me an other, and I'll jump out of it fast enough.'
(Agatha Christie) Mc Grath poured out his own drink, tossed it off with a prac tised
(Agatha Christie) hand and mixed a sec ond one. Then he said slowly: 'Are you in
(Agatha Christie) earnest about that, old son?'
(Agatha Christie) 'About what?'
(Agatha Christie) 'Chuck ing this job of yours if you could get an other?'
(Agatha Christie) 'Why? You don't mean to say that you've got a job go ing beg ging?
(Agatha Christie) Why don't you grab it your self?'
(Agatha Christie) 'I have grabbed it - but I don't much fancy it, that's why I'm try ing
(Agatha Christie) to pass it on to you.'
(Agatha Christie) An thony be came sus pi cious.
(Agatha Christie) 'What's wrong with it? They haven't en gaged you to teach in a
(Agatha Christie) Sun day school, have they?'
(Agatha Christie) 'Do you think any one would choose me to teach in a Sun day
(Agatha Christie) school?'
(Agatha Christie) 'Not if they knew you well, cer tainly.'
(Agatha Christie) 'It's a per fectly good job - noth ing wrong with it what so ever.'
(Agatha Christie) 'Not in South Amer ica by any lucky chance? I've rather got my eye
(Agatha Christie) on South Amer ica. There's a very tidy lit tle rev o lu tion com ing off in
(Agatha Christie) one of those lit tle re publics soon.'
(Agatha Christie) Mc Grath grinned. 'You al ways were keen on rev o lu tions - any thing
(Agatha Christie) to be mixed up in a re ally good row.'

(Agatha Christie) 'I feel my tal ents might be appre ci ated out there. I tell you, Jimmy,
(Agatha Christie) I can be jolly use ful in a rev o lu tion - to one side or the other. It's
(Agatha Christie) bet ter than mak ing an hon est liv ing any day.'
(Agatha Christie) 'I think I've heard that sen ti ment from you be fore, my son. No, the
(Agatha Christie) job isn't in South Amer ica - it's in Eng land.'
(Agatha Christie) 'Eng land? Re turn of hero to his na tive land af ter many long years.
(Agatha Christie) They can't dun you for bills af ter seven years, can they, Jimmy?'
(Agatha Christie) 'I don't think so. Well, are you on for hear ing more about it?'
(Agatha Christie) 'I'm on all right. The thing that wor ries me is why you're not tak ing
(Agatha Christie) it on your self.'
(Agatha Christie) 'I'll tell you. I'm af ter gold, An thony - far up in the in te rior.'
(Agatha Christie) An thony whis tled and looked at him.
(Agatha Christie) 'You've al ways been af ter gold, Jimmy, ever since I knew you. It's
(Agatha Christie) your weak spot - your own par tic u lar lit tle hobby. You've fol lowed up
(Agatha Christie) more wild-cat trails than any one I know.'
(Agatha Christie) 'And in the end I'll strike it. You'll see.'
(Agatha Christie) 'Well, ev ery one his own hobby. Mine's rows, yours is gold.'
(Agatha Christie) 'I'll tell you the whole story. I sup pose you know all about
(Agatha Christie) Her zoslo vakia?'
(Agatha Christie) An thony looked up sharply. 'Her zoslo vakia?' he said, with a
(Agatha Christie) cu ri ous ring in his voice.
(Agatha Christie) 'Yes. Know any thing about it?'
(Agatha Christie) There was quite an ap pre cia ble pause be fore An thony an swered.
(Agatha Christie) Then he said slowly: 'Only what ev ery one knows. It's one of the
(Agatha Christie) Balkan State, isn't it? Prin ci pal rivers, un known. Prin ci pal
(Agatha Christie) moun tains, also un known, but fairly nu mer ous. Cap i tal, Ekarest.
(Agatha Christie) Pop u la tion, chiefly brig ands. Hobby, as sas si nat ing kings and hav ing
(Agatha Christie) rev o lu tions. Last king, Nicholas IV, as sas si nated about seven years
(Agatha Christie) ago. Since then it's been a re pub lic. Al to gether a very likely spot. You
(Agatha Christie) might have men tioned be fore that Her zoslo vakia came into it.'
(Agatha Christie) 'It doesn't ex cept in di rectly.'
(Agatha Christie) An thony gazed at him more in sor row than in anger.
(Agatha Christie) I have met people who enjoy a channel crossing; men who can sit calmly in their deck
(Agatha Christie) chairs and, on arrival, wait until the boat is moored, then gather their belongings together
(Agatha Christie) without fuss and disembark. Personally, I can never manage this. From the moment I get on
(Agatha Christie) board I feel that the time is too short to settle down to anything. I move my suitcases from
(Agatha Christie) one spot to another, and if I go down to the saloon for a meal, I bolt my food with an uneasy
(Agatha Christie) feeling that the boat may arrive unexpectedly whilst I am below. Perhaps all this is merely a
(Agatha Christie) legacy from one’s short leaves in the war, when it seemed a matter of such importance to
(Agatha Christie) secure a place near the gangway, and to be amongst the first to disembark lest one should
(Agatha Christie) waste precious minutes of one’s three or five days’ leave.
(Agatha Christie) On this particular July morning, as I stood by the rail and watched the white cliffs of
(Agatha Christie) Dover drawing nearer, I marvelled at the passengers who could sit calmly in their chairs
(Agatha Christie) and never even raise their eyes for the first sight of their native land. Yet perhaps their case
(Agatha Christie) was different from mine. Doubtless many of them had only crossed to Paris for the weekend,
(Agatha Christie) whereas I had spent the last year and a half on a ranch in the Argentine. I had prospered
(Agatha Christie) there, and my wife and I had both enjoyed the free and easy life of the South American
(Agatha Christie) continent, nevertheless it was with a lump in my throat that I watched the familiar shore
(Agatha Christie) draw nearer and nearer.
(Agatha Christie) I had landed in France two days before, transacted some necessary business, and was
(Agatha Christie) now en route for London. I should be there some months—time enough to look up old
(Agatha Christie) friends, and one old friend in particular. A little man with an egg-shaped head and green
(Agatha Christie) eyes—Hercule Poirot! I proposed to take him completely by surprise. My last letter from
(Agatha Christie) the Argentine had given no hint of my intended voyage—indeed, that had been decided upon
(Agatha Christie) hurriedly as a result of certain business complications—and I spent many amused moments
(Agatha Christie) picturing to myself his delight and stupefaction on beholding me.
(Agatha Christie) He, I knew, was not likely to be far from his headquarters. The time when his cases had
(Agatha Christie) drawn him from one end of England to the other was past. His fame had spread, and no
(Agatha Christie) longer would he allow one case to absorb all his time. He aimed more and more, as time
(Agatha Christie) went on, at being considered a “consulting detective”—as much a specialist as a Harley
(Agatha Christie) Street physician. He had always scoffed at the popular idea of the human bloodhound who
(Agatha Christie) assumed wonderful disguises to track criminals, and who paused at every footprint to
(Agatha Christie) measure it.
(Agatha Christie) “No, my friend Hastings,” he would say, “we leave that to Giraud and his friends.
(Agatha Christie) Hercule Poirot’s methods are his own. Order and method, and ‘the little grey cells.’ Sitting
(Agatha Christie) at ease in our own armchairs we see the things that these others overlook, and we do not
(Agatha Christie) jump to the conclusion like the worthy Japp.”
(Agatha Christie) No; there was little fear of finding Hercule Poirot far afield. On arrival in London, I

(Agatha Christie) deposited my luggage at a hotel and drove straight on to the old address. What poignant
(Agatha Christie) memories it brought back to me! I hardly waited to greet my old landlady, but hurried up the
(Agatha Christie) stairs two at a time and rapped on Poirot’s door.
(Agatha Christie) “Enter, then,” cried a familiar voice from within.
(Agatha Christie) I strode in. Poirot stood facing me. In his arms he carried a small valise, which he
(Agatha Christie) dropped with a crash on beholding me.
(Agatha Christie) “Mon ami, Hastings!” he cried. “Mon ami, Hastings!”
(Agatha Christie) And, rushing forward, he enveloped me in a capacious embrace. Our conversation was
(Agatha Christie) incoherent and inconsequent. Ejaculations, eager questions, incomplete answers, messages
(Agatha Christie) from my wife, explanations as to my journey, were all jumbled up together.
(Agatha Christie) “I suppose there’s someone in my old rooms?” I asked at last, when we had calmed
(Agatha Christie) down somewhat. “I’d love to put up here again with you.”
(Agatha Christie) Poirot’s face changed with startling suddenness.
(Agatha Christie) “Mon Dieu! but what a chance épouvantable. Regard around you, my friend.”
(Agatha Christie) For the first time I took note of my surroundings. Against the wall stood a vast ark of a
(Agatha Christie) trunk of prehistoric design. Near to it were placed a number of suitcases, ranged neatly in
(Agatha Christie) order of size from large to small. The inference was unmistakable.
(Agatha Christie) “You are going away?”
(Agatha Christie) “Yes.”
(Agatha Christie) “Where to?”
(Agatha Christie) “South America.”
(Agatha Christie) “What?”
(Agatha Christie) “Yes, it is a droll farce, is it not? It is to Rio I go, and every day I say to myself, I will
(Agatha Christie) write nothing in my letters—but oh! the surprise of the good Hastings when he beholds me!”
(Agatha Christie) “But when are you going?”
(Agatha Christie) Poirot looked at his watch.
(Agatha Christie) “In an hour’s time.”
(Agatha Christie) “I thought you always said nothing would induce you to make a long sea voyage?”
(Agatha Christie) Poirot closed his eyes and shuddered.
(Agatha Christie) “Speak not of it to me, my friend. My doctor, he assures me that one dies not of it—and
(Agatha Christie) it is for the one time only; you understand, that never—never shall I return.”
(Agatha Christie) He pushed me into a chair.
(Agatha Christie) “Come, I will tell you how it all came about. Do you know who is the richest man in
(Agatha Christie) the world? Richer even than Rockefeller? Abe Ryland.”
(Agatha Christie) “The American Soap King?”
(Agatha Christie) "If she had been struck down, it would have been
(Agatha Christie) comprehensible," mused Poirot, "but the man who strangled her
(Agatha Christie) slipped up behind and caught her unawares. A little choke - a little
(Agatha Christie) gurgle - that is all that would be heard, and then afterwards - that
(Agatha Christie) smashing blow on her face. Now why? Did he hope that if the face
(Agatha Christie) were unrecognizable she might not be identified? Or did he hate
(Agatha Christie) her so much that he could not resist striking that blow even after
(Agatha Christie) she was dead?"

(Agatha Christie) Katherine shuddered, and he turned at once to her kindly.

(Agatha Christie) "You must not let me distress you, Mademoiselle," he said. "To
(Agatha Christie) you this is all very terrible. To me, alas! it is an old story. One
(Agatha Christie) moment, I pray of you both."

(Agatha Christie) They stood against the door watching him as he went quickly
(Agatha Christie) round the compartment. He noted the dead woman's clothes
(Agatha Christie) neatly folded on the end of the berth, the big fur coat that hung
(Agatha Christie) from a hook, and the little red lacquer hat tossed up on the rack.
(Agatha Christie) Then he passed through into the adjoining compartment, that in
(Agatha Christie) which Katherine had seen the maid sitting. Here the berth had not
(Agatha Christie) been made up. Three or four rugs were piled loosely on the seat;
(Agatha Christie) there was a hat-box and a couple of suitcases. He turned suddenly
(Agatha Christie) to Katherine.

(Agatha Christie) "You were in here yesterday," he said. "Do you see anything
(Agatha Christie) changed, anything missing?"

(Agatha Christie) Katherine looked carefully round both compartments.

(Agatha Christie) "Yes," she said, "there is something missing - a scarlet morocco
(Agatha Christie) case. It had the initials 'R.V.K.' on it. It might have been a small
(Agatha Christie) dressing-case or a big jewel-case. When I saw it, the maid was
(Agatha Christie) holding it."

(Agatha Christie) "Ah!" said Poirot.

(Agatha Christie) "But, surely," said Katherine. "I - of course, I don't know anything
(Agatha Christie) about such things, but surely it is plain enough, if the maid and the
(Agatha Christie) jewel-case are missing?"

(Agatha Christie) "You mean that it was the maid who was the thief? No,
(Agatha Christie) Mademoiselle; there is a very good reason against that," said the
(Agatha Christie) Commissary.

(Agatha Christie) "What?"

(Agatha Christie) "The maid was left behind in Paris."

(Agatha Christie) He turned to Poirot.

(Agatha Christie) "I should like you to hear the conductor's story yourself," he
(Agatha Christie) murmured confidentially. "It is very suggestive."

(Agatha Christie) "Mademoiselle would doubtless like to hear it also," said Poirot.
(Agatha Christie) "You do not object, Monsieur le Commissaire?"

(Agatha Christie) "No," said the Commissary, who clearly did object very much.
(Agatha Christie) "No, certainly, M. Poirot, if you say so. You have finished here?"

(Agatha Christie) "I think so. One little minute."

(Agatha Christie) He had been turning over the rugs, and now he took one to the
(Agatha Christie) window and looked at it, picking something off it with his fingers.

(Agatha Christie) "What is it?" demanded M. Caux sharply.

(Agatha Christie) "Four auburn hairs." He bent over the dead woman. "Yes, they are
(Agatha Christie) from the head of Madame."

(Agatha Christie) "And what of it? Do you attach importance to them?"

(Agatha Christie) Poirot let the rug drop back on the seat.

(Agatha Christie) "What is important? What is not? One cannot say at this stage. But
(Agatha Christie) we must note each little fact carefully."

(Agatha Christie) They went back again into the first compartment, and in a minute
(Agatha Christie) or two the conductor of the carriage arrived to be questioned.

(Agatha Christie) "Your name is Pierre Michel?" said the Commissary.

(Agatha Christie) "Yes, Monsieur le Commissaire."

(Agatha Christie) "I should like you to repeat to this gentleman -" he indicated Poirot
(Agatha Christie) - "the story that you told me as to what happened in Paris."

(Agatha Christie) "Very good, Monsieur le Commissaire. It was after we had left the
(Agatha Christie) Gare de Lyon. I came along to make the beds, thinking that

(Agatha Christie) Madame would be at dinner, but she had a dinner-basket in her
(Agatha Christie) compartment. She said to me that she had been obliged to leave
(Agatha Christie) her maid behind in Paris, so that I only need make up one berth.
(Agatha Christie) She took her dinner-basket into the adjoining compartment, and
(Agatha Christie) sat there while I made up the bed; then she told me that she did
(Agatha Christie) not wish to be wakened early in the morning, that she liked to
(Agatha Christie) sleep on. I told her I quite understood, and she wished me
(Agatha Christie) 'goodnight.'"

(Agatha Christie) "You yourself did not go into the adjoining compartment?"

(Agatha Christie) "No, Monsieur."

(Agatha Christie) "Then you did not happen to notice if a scarlet morocco case was
(Agatha Christie) amongst the luggage there?"

(Agatha Christie) "No, Monsieur, I did not."

(Agatha Christie) "Would it have been possible for a man to have been concealed in
(Agatha Christie) the adjoining compartment?"

(Agatha Christie) The conductor reflected.

(Agatha Christie) "The door was half open," he said. "If a man had stood behind that
(Agatha Christie) door I should not have been able to see him, but he would, of
(Agatha Christie) course, have been perfectly visible to Madame when she went in
(Agatha Christie) there."

(Agatha Christie) "Quite so," said Poirot, "Is there anything more you have to tell
(Agatha Christie) us?"

(Agatha Christie) "I think that is all, Monsieur. I can remember nothing else."

(Agatha Christie) "And now this morning?" prompted Poirot.

(Agatha Christie) "As Madame had ordered, I did not disturb her. It was not until just
(Agatha Christie) before Cannes that I ventured to knock at the door. Getting no
(Agatha Christie) reply, I opened it. The lady appeared to be in her bed asleep. I
(Agatha Christie) took her by the shoulder to rouse her, and then -"

(Agatha Christie) "And then you saw what had happened," volunteered Poirot. "Très
(Agatha Christie) bien. I think I know all I want to know."

(Agatha Christie) "I hope, Monsieur le Commissaire, it is not that I have been guilty
(Agatha Christie) of any negligence," said the man piteously. "Such an affair to
(Agatha Christie) happen on the Blue Train! It is horrible."

(Agatha Christie) "Console yourself," said the Commissary. "Everything will be done
(Agatha Christie) to keep the affair as quiet as possible, if only in the interests of
(Agatha Christie) justice. I cannot think you have been guilty of any negligence."

(Agatha Christie) "And Monsieur le Commissaire will report as much to the
(Agatha Christie) Company?"

(Agatha Christie) "But certainly, but certainly," said M. Caux impatiently. "That will
(Agatha Christie) do now."

(Agatha Christie) The conductor withdrew.

(Franz Kafka) One morning, when Gregor Samsa woke from troubled dreams, he
(Franz Kafka) found himself transformed in his bed into a horrible vermin. He lay on
(Franz Kafka) his armour-like back, and if he lifted his head a little he could see his
(Franz Kafka) brown belly, slightly domed and divided by arches into stiff sections.
(Franz Kafka) The bedding was hardly able to cover it and seemed ready to slide off
(Franz Kafka) any moment. His many legs, pitifully thin compared with the size of the
(Franz Kafka) rest of him, waved about helplessly as he looked.
(Franz Kafka) "What's happened to me?" he thought. It wasn't a dream. His room, a
(Franz Kafka) proper human room although a little too small, lay peacefully between
(Franz Kafka) its four familiar walls. A collection of textile samples lay spread out on
(Franz Kafka) the table - Samsa was a travelling salesman - and above it there hung a
(Franz Kafka) picture that he had recently cut out of an illustrated magazine and
(Franz Kafka) housed in a nice, gilded frame. It showed a lady fitted out with a fur hat
(Franz Kafka) and fur boa who sat upright, raising a heavy fur muff that covered the
(Franz Kafka) whole of her lower arm towards the viewer.
(Franz Kafka) Gregor then turned to look out the window at the dull weather. Drops of
(Franz Kafka) rain could be heard hitting the pane, which made him feel quite sad.
(Franz Kafka) "How about if I sleep a little bit longer and forget all this nonsense", he
(Franz Kafka) thought, but that was something he was unable to do because he was
(Franz Kafka) used to sleeping on his right, and in his present state couldn't get into
(Franz Kafka) that position. However hard he threw himself onto his right, he always
(Franz Kafka) rolled back to where he was. He must have tried it a hundred times,
(Franz Kafka) shut his eyes so that he wouldn't have to look at the floundering legs,
(Franz Kafka) and only stopped when he began to feel a mild, dull pain there that he
(Franz Kafka) had never felt before.
(Franz Kafka) "Oh, God", he thought, "what a strenuous career it is that I've chosen!
(Franz Kafka) Travelling day in and day out. Doing business like this takes much
(Franz Kafka) more effort than doing your own business at home, and on top of that
(Franz Kafka) there's the curse of travelling, worries about making train connections,
(Franz Kafka) bad and irregular food, contact with different people all the time so that
(Franz Kafka) you can never get to know anyone or become friendly with them. It can
(Franz Kafka) all go to Hell!" He felt a slight itch up on his belly; pushed himself slowly
(Franz Kafka) up on his back towards the headboard so that he could lift his head
(Franz Kafka) better; found where the itch was, and saw that it was covered with lots
(Franz Kafka) of little white spots which he didn't know what to make of; and when he
(Franz Kafka) tried to feel the place with one of his legs he drew it quickly back
(Franz Kafka) because as soon as he touched it he was overcome by a cold shudder.
(Franz Kafka) He slid back into his former position. "Getting up early all the time", he
(Franz Kafka) thought, "it makes you stupid. You've got to get enough sleep. Other
(Franz Kafka) travelling salesmen live a life of luxury. For instance, whenever I go
(Franz Kafka) back to the guest house during the morning to copy out the contract,
(Franz Kafka) these gentlemen are always still sitting there eating their breakfasts. I
(Franz Kafka) ought to just try that with my boss; I'd get kicked out on the spot. But

(Franz Kafka) who knows, maybe that would be the best thing for me. If I didn't have
(Franz Kafka) my parents to think about I'd have given in my notice a long time ago,
(Franz Kafka) I'd have gone up to the boss and told him just what I think, tell him
(Franz Kafka) everything I would, let him know just what I feel. He'd fall right off his
(Franz Kafka) desk! And it's a funny sort of business to be sitting up there at your
(Franz Kafka) desk, talking down at your subordinates from up there, especially when
(Franz Kafka) you have to go right up close because the boss is hard of hearing. Well,
(Franz Kafka) there's still some hope; once I've got the money together to pay off my
(Franz Kafka) parents' debt to him - another five or six years I suppose - that's
(Franz Kafka) definitely what I'll do. That's when I'll make the big change. First of all
(Franz Kafka) though, I've got to get up, my train leaves at five."
(Franz Kafka) And he looked over at the alarm clock, ticking on the chest of drawers.
(Franz Kafka) "God in Heaven!" he thought. It was half past six and the hands were
(Franz Kafka) quietly moving forwards, it was even later than half past, more like
(Franz Kafka) quarter to seven. Had the alarm clock not rung? He could see from the
(Franz Kafka) bed that it had been set for four o'clock as it should have been; it
(Franz Kafka) certainly must have rung. Yes, but was it possible to quietly sleep
(Franz Kafka) through that furniture-rattling noise? True, he had not slept peacefully,
(Franz Kafka) but probably all the more deeply because of that. What should he do
(Franz Kafka) now? The next train went at seven; if he were to catch that he would
(Franz Kafka) have to rush like mad and the collection of samples was still not
(Franz Kafka) packed, and he did not at all feel particularly fresh and lively. And even
(Franz Kafka) if he did catch the train he would not avoid his boss's anger as the office
(Franz Kafka) assistant would have been there to see the five o'clock train go, he
(Franz Kafka) would have put in his report about Gregor's not being there a long time
(Franz Kafka) ago. The office assistant was the boss's man, spineless, and with no
(Franz Kafka) understanding. What about if he reported sick? But that would be
(Franz Kafka) extremely strained and suspicious as in fifteen years of service Gregor
(Franz Kafka) had never once yet been ill. His boss would certainly come round with
(Franz Kafka) the doctor from the medical insurance company, accuse his parents of
(Franz Kafka) having a lazy son, and accept the doctor's recommendation not to make
(Franz Kafka) any claim as the doctor believed that no-one was ever ill but that many
(Franz Kafka) were workshy. And what's more, would he have been entirely wrong in
(Franz Kafka) this case? Gregor did in fact, apart from excessive sleepiness after
(Franz Kafka) sleeping for so long, feel completely well and even felt much hungrier
(Franz Kafka) than usual.
(Franz Kafka) He was still hurriedly thinking all this through, unable to decide to get
(Franz Kafka) out of the bed, when the clock struck quarter to seven. There was a
(Franz Kafka) cautious knock at the door near his head. "Gregor", somebody called - it
(Franz Kafka) was his mother - "it's quarter to seven. Didn't you want to go
(Franz Kafka) somewhere?" That gentle voice! Gregor was shocked when he heard his
(Franz Kafka) own voice answering, it could hardly be recognised as the voice he had
(Franz Kafka) had before. As if from deep inside him, there was a painful and
(Franz Kafka) uncontrollable squeaking mixed in with it, the words could be made out
(Franz Kafka) at first but then there was a sort of echo which made them unclear,
(Franz Kafka) leaving the hearer unsure whether he had heard properly or not. Gregor
(Franz Kafka) had wanted to give a full answer and explain everything, but in the

(Franz Kafka) circumstances contented himself with saying: "Yes, mother, yes, thank-
(Franz Kafka) you, I'm getting up now." The change in Gregor's voice probably could

(Franz Kafka) not be noticed outside through the wooden door, as his mother was
(Franz Kafka) satisfied with this explanation and shuffled away. But this short
(Franz Kafka) conversation made the other members of the family aware that Gregor,
(Franz Kafka) against their expectations was still at home, and soon his father came
(Franz Kafka) knocking at one of the side doors, gently, but with his fist. "Gregor,
(Franz Kafka) Gregor", he called, "what's wrong?" And after a short while he called
(Franz Kafka) again with a warning deepness in his voice: "Gregor! Gregor!" At the
(Franz Kafka) other side door his sister came plaintively: "Gregor? Aren't you well? Do
(Franz Kafka) you need anything?" Gregor answered to both sides: "I'm ready, now",
(Franz Kafka) making an effort to remove all the strangeness from his voice by
(Franz Kafka) enunciating very carefully and putting long pauses between each,
(Franz Kafka) individual word. His father went back to his breakfast, but his sister
(Franz Kafka) whispered: "Gregor, open the door, I beg of you." Gregor, however, had
(Franz Kafka) no thought of opening the door, and instead congratulated himself for
(Franz Kafka) his cautious habit, acquired from his travelling, of locking all doors at
(Franz Kafka) night even when he was at home.
(Franz Kafka) However, basically the hunger artist had not forgotten his sense of the way things really
(Franz Kafka) were, and he took it as self-evident that people would not set him and his cage up as the
(Franz Kafka) star attraction somewhere in the middle of the arena, but would move him outside in some
(Franz Kafka) other readily accessible spot near the animal stalls. Huge brightly painted signs surrounded
(Franz Kafka) the cage and announced what there was to look at there. During the intervals in the main
(Franz Kafka) performance, when the general public pushed out towards the menagerie in order to see
(Franz Kafka) the animals, they could hardly avoid moving past the hunger artist and stopping there a
(Franz Kafka) moment. They would perhaps have remained with him longer, if those pushing up behind
(Franz Kafka) them in the narrow passage way, who did not understand this pause on the way to the
(Franz Kafka) animal stalls they wanted to see, had not made a longer peaceful observation impossible.
(Franz Kafka) This was also the reason why the hunger artist began to tremble at these visiting hours,
(Franz Kafka) which he naturally used to long for as the main purpose of his life. In the early days he
(Franz Kafka) could hardly wait for the pauses in the performances. He had looked forward with delight
(Franz Kafka) to the crowd pouring around him, until he became convinced only too quickly — and even
(Franz Kafka) the most stubborn, almost deliberate self-deception could not hold out against the
(Franz Kafka) experience — that, judging by their intentions, most of these people were, again and again
(Franz Kafka) without exception, only visiting the menagerie. And this view from a distance still
(Franz Kafka) remained his most beautiful moment. For when they had come right up to him, he
(Franz Kafka) immediately got an earful from the shouting of the two steadily increasing groups, the
(Franz Kafka) ones who wanted to take their time looking at the hunger artist, not with any
(Franz Kafka) understanding but on a whim or from mere defiance — for him these ones were soon the
(Franz Kafka) more painful — and a second group of people whose only demand was to go straight to
(Franz Kafka) the animal stalls.
(Franz Kafka) Once the large crowds had passed, the late comers would arrive, and although there was
(Franz Kafka) nothing preventing these people any more from sticking around for as long as they
(Franz Kafka) wanted, they rushed past with long strides, almost without a sideways glance, to get to the
(Franz Kafka) animals in time. And it was an all-too-rare stroke of luck when the father of a family came
(Franz Kafka) by with his children, pointed his finger at the hunger artist, gave a detailed explanation
(Franz Kafka) about what was going on here, and talked of earlier years, when he had been present at
(Franz Kafka) similar but incomparably more magnificent performances, and then the children, because
(Franz Kafka) they had been inadequately prepared at school and in life, always stood around still
(Franz Kafka) uncomprehendingly. What was fasting to them? But nonetheless the brightness of the look
(Franz Kafka) in their searching eyes revealed something of new and more gracious times coming.
(Franz Kafka) Perhaps, the hunger artist said to himself sometimes, everything would be a little better if
(Franz Kafka) his location were not quite so near the animal stalls. That way it would be easy for people
(Franz Kafka) to make their choice, to say nothing of the fact that he was very upset and constantly
(Franz Kafka) depressed by the stink from the stalls, the animals’ commotion at night, the pieces of raw
(Franz Kafka) meat dragged past him for the carnivorous beasts, and the roars at feeding time. But he did
(Franz Kafka) not dare to approach the administration about it. In any case, he had the animals to thank
(Franz Kafka) for the crowds of visitors among whom, here and there, there could be one destined for

(Franz Kafka) him. And who knew where they would hide him if he wished to remind them of his
(Franz Kafka) existence and, along with that, of the fact that, strictly speaking, he was only an obstacle
(Franz Kafka) on the way to the menagerie.
(Franz Kafka) A small obstacle, at any rate, a constantly diminishing obstacle. People got used to the
(Franz Kafka) strange notion that in these times they would want to pay attention to a hunger artist, and
(Franz Kafka) with this habitual awareness the judgment on him was pronounced. He might fast as well
(Franz Kafka) as he could — and he did — but nothing could save him any more. People went straight
(Franz Kafka) past him. Try to explain the art of fasting to anyone! If someone doesn’t feel it, then he
(Franz Kafka) cannot be made to understand it. The beautiful signs became dirty and illegible. People
(Franz Kafka) tore them down, and no one thought of replacing them. The small table with the number of
(Franz Kafka) days the fasting had lasted, which early on had been carefully renewed every day,
(Franz Kafka) remained unchanged for a long time, for after the first weeks the staff grew tired of even
(Franz Kafka) this small task. And so the hunger artist kept fasting on and on, as he once had dreamed
(Franz Kafka) about in earlier times, and he had no difficulty succeeding in achieving what he had
(Franz Kafka) predicted back then, but no one was counting the days — no one, not even the hunger
(Franz Kafka) artist himself, knew how great his achievement was by this point, and his heart grew
(Franz Kafka) heavy. And when once in a while a person strolling past stood there making fun of the old
(Franz Kafka) number and talking of a swindle, that was in a sense the stupidest lie which indifference
(Franz Kafka) and innate maliciousness could invent, for the hunger artist was not being deceptive — he
(Franz Kafka) was working honestly — but the world was cheating him of his reward.
(Franz Kafka) Some of the others waiting had come closer and stood round the
(Franz Kafka) group, the usher of the court said to them, "Get out the way, keep the
(Franz Kafka) gangway free." They moved back slightly, but not as far as where they had
(Franz Kafka) been sitting before. In the meantime, the man whom K. had first
(Franz Kafka) approached had pulled himself together and even answered him with a
(Franz Kafka) smile. "A month ago I made some applications for evidence to be heard in
(Franz Kafka) my case, and I'm waiting for it to be settled." "You certainly seem to be
(Franz Kafka) going to a lot of effort," said K. "Yes," said the man, "it is my affair after all."
(Franz Kafka) "Not everyone thinks the same way as you do," said K. "I've been indicted as
(Franz Kafka) well but I swear on my soul that I've neither submitted evidence nor done
(Franz Kafka) anything else of the sort. Do you really think that's necessary?" "I don't
(Franz Kafka) really know, exactly," said the man, once more totally unsure of himself; he
(Franz Kafka) clearly thought K. was joking with him and therefore probably thought it
(Franz Kafka) best to repeat his earlier answer in order to avoid making any new mistakes.
(Franz Kafka) With K. looking at him impatiently, he just said, "as far as I'm concerned, I've
(Franz Kafka) applied to have this evidence heard." "Perhaps you don't believe I've been
(Franz Kafka) indicted?" asked K. "Oh, please, I certainly do," said the man, stepping
(Franz Kafka) slightly to one side, but there was more anxiety in his answer than belief.
(Franz Kafka) "You don't believe me then?" asked K., and took hold of his arm,
(Franz Kafka) unconsciously prompted by the man's humble demeanour, and as if he
(Franz Kafka) wanted to force him to believe him. But he did not want to hurt the man and
(Franz Kafka) had only taken hold of him very lightly. Nonetheless, the man cried out as if
(Franz Kafka) K. had grasped him not with two fingers but with red hot tongs. Shouting in
(Franz Kafka) this ridiculous way finally made K. tired of him, if he didn't believe he was
(Franz Kafka) indicted then so much the better; maybe he even thought K. was a judge.
(Franz Kafka) And before leaving, he held him a lot harder, shoved him back onto the
(Franz Kafka) bench and walked on. "These defendants are so sensitive, most of them,"
(Franz Kafka) said the usher of the court. Almost all of those who had been waiting had
(Franz Kafka) now assembled around the man who, by now, had stopped shouting and
(Franz Kafka) they seemed to be asking him lots of precise questions about the incident.
(Franz Kafka) K. was approached by a security guard, identifiable mainly by his sword, of
(Franz Kafka) which the scabbard seemed to be made of aluminium. This greatly surprised
(Franz Kafka) K., and he reached out for it with his hand. The guard had come because of
(Franz Kafka) the shouting and asked what had been happening. The usher of the court
(Franz Kafka) said a few words to try and calm him down but the guard explained that he
(Franz Kafka) had to look into it himself, saluted, and hurried on, walking with very short
(Franz Kafka) steps, probably because of gout.
(Franz Kafka) K. didn't concern himself long with the guard or these people, especially as
(Franz Kafka) he saw a turning off the corridor, about half way along it on the right hand
(Franz Kafka) side, where there was no door to stop him going that way. He asked the
(Franz Kafka) usher whether that was the right way to go, the usher nodded, and that is
(Franz Kafka) the way that K. went. The usher remained always one or two steps behind K,
(Franz Kafka) which he found irritating as in a place like this it could give the impression
(Franz Kafka) that he was being driven along by someone who had arrested him, so he
(Franz Kafka) frequently waited for the usher to catch up, but the usher always remained
(Franz Kafka) behind him. In order to put an end to his discomfort, K. finally said, "Now
(Franz Kafka) that I've seen what it looks like here, I'd like to go." "You haven't seen
(Franz Kafka) everything yet," said the usher ingenuously. "I don't want to see
(Franz Kafka) everything," said K., who was also feeling very tired, "I want to go, what is
(Franz Kafka) the way to the exit?" "You haven't got lost, have you?" asked the usher in
(Franz Kafka) amazement, "you go down this way to the corner, then right down the
(Franz Kafka) corridor straight ahead as far as the door." "Come with me," said K., "show
(Franz Kafka) me the way, I'll miss it, there are so many different ways here." "It's the only
(Franz Kafka) way there is," said the usher, who had now started to sound quite
(Franz Kafka) reproachful, "I can't go back with you again, I've got to hand in my report,
(Franz Kafka) and I've already lost a lot of time because of you as it is." "Come with me!"
(Franz Kafka) K. repeated, now somewhat sharper as if he had finally caught the usher out
(Franz Kafka) in a lie. "Don't shout like that," whispered the usher, "there's offices all
(Franz Kafka) round us here. If you don't want to go back by yourself come on a bit further
(Franz Kafka) with me or else wait here till I've sorted out my report, then I'll be glad to go
(Franz Kafka) back with you again." "No, no," said K., "I will not wait and you must come
(Franz Kafka) with me now." K. had still not looked round at anything at all in the room
(Franz Kafka) where he found himself, and it was only when one of the many wooden
(Franz Kafka) doors all around him opened that he noticed it. A young woman, probably
(Franz Kafka) summoned by the loudness of K.'s voice, entered and asked, "What is it the
(Franz Kafka) gentleman wants?" In the darkness behind her there was also a man
(Franz Kafka) approaching. K. looked at the usher. He had, after all, said that no-one
(Franz Kafka) would take any notice of K., and now there were two people coming, it only
(Franz Kafka) needed a few and everyone in the office would become aware of him and
(Franz Kafka) asking for explanations as to why he was there. The only understandable
(Franz Kafka) and acceptable thing to say was that he was accused of something and
(Franz Kafka) wanted to know the date of his next hearing, but this was an explanation he
(Franz Kafka) did not want to give, especially as it was not true - he had only come out of
(Franz Kafka) curiosity. Or else, an explanation even less usable, he could say that he
(Franz Kafka) wanted to ascertain that the court was as revolting on the inside as it was
(Franz Kafka) on the outside. And it did seem that he had been quite right in this
(Franz Kafka) supposition, he had no wish to intrude any deeper, he was disturbed enough
(Franz Kafka) by what he had seen already, he was not in the right frame of mind just then
(Franz Kafka) to face a high official such as might appear from behind any door, and he
(Franz Kafka) wanted to go, either with the usher of the court or, if needs be, alone.
